https://calgary.ctvnews.ca/armed-and-dangerous-suspect-sought-in-medicine-hat-assault-2nd-suspect-arrested-in-calgary-1.5671629
'Armed and dangerous' suspect sought in Medicine Hat assault, 2nd suspect arrested in Calgary | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Calgary Close CALGARY Search CTV Calgary Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Lethbridge Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Calgary 'Armed and dangerous' suspect sought in Medicine Hat assault, 2nd suspect arrested in Calgary Undated image of Richard Lentz who is considered 'armed and dangerous' and is wanted in connection with a Remembrance Day assault in Medicine Hat. (MHPS) CALGARY - The Medicine Hat Police Service is asking for help from the public as the search continues for a second suspect in connection with a Remembrance Day assault in the southern Alberta city. According to police, two armed men entered a Medicine Hat home in the early morning hours of Nov. 11 and proceeded to attack a resident. The severely injured man was transported to hospital for treatment and was released from hospital after several days. Richard Lentz, 42, is wanted on a charge of aggravated assault and is considered armed and dangerous. MHPS officials say Lentz should not be approached and anyone who spots him, or has information regarding his whereabouts, should call 911 immediately. Jeremiah Amero, 31, who was wanted in connection with the same assault, was arrested in Calgary Wednesday by members of the Calgary Police Service. Lentz and Amero are both residents of Medicine Hat and are known to police. Investigators continue to search for a black 2014 Mercedes GLK with Alberta licence plate CJF 5736 in connection with the assault. Lentz is believed to still be in southern Alberta and there have been reports of him travelling between Medicine Hat and Calgary. Anyone with information regarding the assault or the location of the SUV is asked to contact the MHPS at 403-529-8481 or anonymous tips may be submitted to Crime Stoppers. Calgary Top Stories Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Ethiopian-Canadians rally outside U.S. consulate in Calgary Calgary's Filipino community to gather in support of presidential candidate 1 injured in southwest Calgary house fire Certain white sesame seed and pistachio products recalled for potential Salmonella contamination 'Sign of the strength': Kenney talks about future of the Alberta UCP Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
