https://saskatoon.ctvnews.ca/blizzard-like-conditions-expected-for-saskatoon-prince-albert-and-northern-sask-communities-1.5666705
'Blizzard-like conditions' expected for Saskatoon, Prince Albert and northern Sask. communities | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Saskatoon Close SASKATOON Search CTV Saskatoon Close News Latest News All Articles Prince Albert News Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video Crime Stoppers Indigenous Circle CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who we Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Saskatoon 'Blizzard-like conditions' expected for Saskatoon, Prince Albert and northern Sask. communities A man clears snow in Saskatoon on Nov. 10, 2020. (Pat McKay/CTV Saskatoon) SASKATOON - A winter storm warning has been issued for Prince Albert and surrounding northern communities with heavy snowfall and freezing rain expected Monday and Tuesday. Environment and Climate Change Canada (ECCC) issued a winter storm warning on Monday for Prince Albert, Shellbrook, Spiritwood and Duck Lake. A low-pressure system moving from the Alberta border east into the area is expected to dump 15 to 30 centimetres of snow by Tuesday afternoon. The weather agency said areas of Melfort, Nipawin, Tisdale, Carrot River and The Battlefords can also expect to see 15 to 30 centimetres by Tuesday. Freezing rain is also expected for a few hours just south of the snow band, causing slippery conditions, the weather agency said. Areas of Meadow Lake, Big River, Green Lake, Pierceland, Pelican Narrows, Cumberland House are also under a winter storm warning. Environment Canada is calling for greater snowfall a little further north around La Ronge, with forecasts of 25 to 30 centimetres of snow between today and Wednesday. On Tuesday winds will pick up in the area reducing visibility because of blowing snow, the agency said. Snow will end sometime Tuesday night. In a news release the City of Saskatoon said "blizzard-like conditions" are expected for the city, with the weather forecast calling for freezing rain Monday night, city crews will be out applying salt on freeways, intersections and on and off-ramps and bridge decks. With 10 to 15 centimetres of snow expected Tuesday, city crews will focus its snow-clearing efforts on high-traffic priority streets including Circle Drive and Idylwyld Drive, the city said. With a combination of strong winds as well, drivers can expect reduced visibility with snow falling and winds gusting to 80 km/h. Saskatoon Top Stories 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama Sask. reports 62 new COVID-19 cases, 1 death Huskies win 84th Hardy Cup Sask. reports 185 new COVID-19 cases, 2 deaths 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Here's what we know about COVID-19 vaccines for kids in Sask. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
