https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/two-journalists-among-15-people-arrested-by-rcmp-near-b-c-pipeline-worksite-1.5674632
2 journalists arrested near Coastal GasLink worksite | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement CANADA Two journalists among 15 people arrested by RCMP near B.C. pipeline worksite The Canadian Press Staff Contact Published Saturday, November 20, 2021 1:57PM EST Last Updated Saturday, November 20, 2021 11:56PM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: HOUSTON, B.C. -- An award-winning photojournalist and a documentary filmmaker were among the 15 people arrested on Friday as B.C. RCMP moved to enforce an injunction barring protests from blocking an access road used by Coastal GasLink pipeline workers, a lawyer and a media outlet said. While the journalists' names were not released by RCMP, lawyer Frances Mahon said freelance photojournalist Amber Bracken and documentary filmmaker Michael Toledano were arrested at the site near Houston, in northern B.C., as they reported on the events. RCMP Sgt. Janelle Shoihet said in an email that the names of those arrested could not be released due to privacy reasons, but they included "individuals who, following arrest, identified themselves as journalists." The arrests occurred amid rising tensions surrounding the 670-kilometre natural gas pipeline in northern B.C. RCMP have been moving in recent days to enforce an injunction against protesters who have set up blockades along the roads leading to the pipeline project, which is opposed by the Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs and other groups. In a statement late Friday, B.C. RCMP said 11 individuals, including the journalists, were arrested at "building-like structures" that had been erected along a road leading to a drilling site. Four other people were arrested at a different location after police were advised that a group of individuals were throwing rocks at industry vehicles, the release said. Shoihet said all those who were arrested for breaching the injunction had been taken to Smithers, B.C., and are expected to appear in court on Monday in Prince George. The arrests have been condemned by the Canadian Association of Journalists and BC-based journalism outlet The Narwhal, which said Bracken was reporting for them when she was taken into custody. Editor-in-Chief Emma Gilchrist said in a statement that the publication is "extremely disturbed" by the arrest, which she described as a violation of Bracken's charter rights and of press freedom. "As of Friday night, the RCMP were refusing to release Bracken, in violation of her charter rights," she said. "We strongly condemn the RCMP for this behaviour and all violations of press freedoms in this country." In a series of Twitter messages, The Narwhal said it had previously informed the RCMP that Bracken was being sent to the area on assignment, and had provided her with credentials identifying her as a journalist. The emailed statement said The Narwhal had not yet recovered her equipment. The president of the Canadian Association of Journalists said in an open letter to RCMP that he was "very concerned" about recent accounts of police interference with journalists reporting from Wet'suwet'en territory. "I'd like to emphasize that all journalists who are arriving onsite have no intention of interfering with the work of the RCMP in any way. Canadian law protects the ability of journalists to access and report on any matter of public interest as it is essential to the proper functioning of democracy," Brent Jolly wrote in a letter dated late Friday. The B.C. Supreme Court ruled earlier this year that RCMP was not justified in imposing expansive "exclusion zones" and checkpoints that limited media access to protests against old-growth logging at Fairy Creek, and specified that police must not interfere with media access to the site without a clear operational rationale requiring it, he noted. Bracken is a well-known documentary photographer whose work has appeared in publications across Canada. Toledano's website describes him as a writer, photographer, and documentary filmmaker focusing on Canadian resource extraction and impacted communities. Mahon, the lawyer, said she was working to support both journalists to prepare for Monday's court appearance. As of Saturday morning, she said it appeared they would not face criminal charges, but added "that could change." This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 20, 2021. RELATED IMAGES view larger image A checkpoint is seen at a bridge leading to the Unist'ot'en camp on a remote logging road near Houston, B.C., on Thursday January 17, 2019. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck Related Stories Tensions building in Wet'suwet'en territory as B.C. pipeline conflict continues Coastal GasLink, elected Wet'suwet'en council call for resolution to conflict Discussions to resolve B.C. LNG pipeline blockade have reached a pivotal point: Miller Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News MORE NEWS FROM CANADA Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
