https://bc.ctvnews.ca/3-585-active-cases-of-covid-19-in-b-c-officials-say-announcing-536-in-24-hour-period-1.5542758
3,585 active cases of COVID-19 in B.C., officials say, announcing 536 in 24-hour period | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver B.C. adds 536 cases of COVID-19 in biggest daily increase since mid-May Vancouver - B.C. health officials announced another 536 cases of COVID-19 on Wednesday, marking the province's biggest single-day increase in infections since mid-May. The update, delivered in a written statement from the Ministry of Health, pushed B.C.'s seven-day average for new cases to 411 per day. The last time it was that high was May 21. The last time the province reported more than 536 infections in a day was on May 13. Officials also announced one new death related to the disease, bringing B.C.'s death toll to 1,778. About 48 per cent of the latest COVID-19 infections came from the Interior Health region, where several tough restrictions have been re-introduced to combat a surge in transmission. Provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry has said she expects those measures to begin having a noticeable effect over the next week. Other health authorities have been experiencing an increase in cases as well, however, including Fraser Health and Vancouver Coastal Health. Last week, an independent COVID-19 modelling group predicted B.C. could see cases top 1,000 per day again unless more regional restrictions are imposed. For now, health officials have stressed the importance of getting British Columbians fully vaccinated so they have the maximum protection against the highly contagious Delta variant. A total of 7,114,250 doses of the Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna and AstaZeneca vaccines have been administered across the province so far. Just over 82 per cent of eligible residents age 12 and older have received at least one dose, while about 71 per cent have received both doses. There have also been concerns about COVID-19 once again infiltrating long-term care homes, where staff are not required to be immunized. B.C. health officials recently celebrated going more than a week without a single outbreak in the long-term care system, but there are now eight homes battling outbreaks. Half of those are in the Interior Health region. COVID-19 hospitalizations have also climbed to 72, after falling as low as 42 at the end of July. The number of patients in intensive care also jumped to 29 on Wednesday, up six from the previous day. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
