https://bc.ctvnews.ca/580-new-cases-of-covid-19-9-deaths-in-b-c-over-last-24-hours-according-to-bccdc-1.5622895
580 new cases of COVID-19, 9 deaths in B.C. over last 24 hours | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver 580 new cases of COVID-19, 9 deaths in B.C. over last 24 hours Fraser Health registered nurse Ramn Manan draws a dose of the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine into a syringe at a walk-up vaccination clinic at Bear Creek Park, in Surrey, B.C., on Monday, May 17, 2021. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck Vancouver - B.C. added 580 new cases of COVID-19 and nine related deaths on Thursday, according to a statement from the Ministry of Health. The province has now seen a total of 195,766 coronavirus cases and 2,042 deaths since the pandemic began. The BC Centre for Disease Control’s COVID-19 dashboard showed 5,348 active coronavirus cases as of Thursday. Of those, 378 people were hospitalized, including 153 who were in critical care and still infectious. A total of 89 per cent of eligible residents who are 12 and older have now received their first dose of a COVID-19 vaccine, the ministry said, and 82.9 per cent have received two doses. Thursday's numbers came as provincial health officials announced new "circuit-breaker" restrictions aimed at slowing the transmission of COVID-19 in Northern Health. Among the new restrictions - which apply only to local health areas in the province's northeast - are the closure of bars and nightclubs, restrictions on alcohol sales at restaurants and a ban on in-person religious services. There are also new restrictions on gatherings, including a ban on all private gatherings involving unvaccinated people. According to the ministry, there were 129 new infections detected in Northern Health on Thursday, the second-most of any health authority. The largest number of new cases was found in Fraser Health, which added 246 to its total on Thursday. Notably, however, Fraser Health has more than six times the population of Northern Health, meaning it's adding far fewer cases on a per-capita basis. Elsewhere, Interior Health added 104 cases Thursday, Vancouver Coastal Health added 52 and Island Health added 48. There have been no new COVID-19 outbreaks at long-term care homes, according to the ministry, however 19 earlier outbreaks remain active. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
