https://kitchener.ctvnews.ca/63-graves-26-bone-fragments-discovered-in-guelph-archeological-dig-1.5668545
63 graves, 26 bone fragments discovered in Guelph archeological dig | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Kitchener Close KITCHENER Search CTV Kitchener Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Guelph Weather Community Calendar Contests News Links Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Kitchener 63 graves, 26 bone fragments discovered in Guelph archeological dig On Wednesday, council unanimously approved a plan for a new public library and two new high rises on a lot on Baker Street. GUELPH - An archaeological dig underway in Guelph has uncovered 63 grave shafts and 26 human bone fragments. Officials for the city provided an update on the dig at the Baker and Wyndham Street parking lots on Tuesday. Progress is updated every two weeks. This is an additional 48 new grave shafts and 18 new discoveries of human remains since the last update two weeks ago. The Baker and Wyndham Street site was used as an all-faith cemetery from 1827-1853. Human burials were banned within town limits in 1853. The city then bought the land and turned it into a public park in1879. The city found the remains of a man, a woman, nine infants, and several incomplete remains in 2005. In 2010, a sinkhole revealed the remains of an infant. In 2016, the City unearthed bone fragments while turning off water to the Baker Street parking attendant booths. The required archeological clearance is happening in order to allow for the redevelopment of the area into a publicly accessible integrated civic hub known as the Baker District. All remains found now will be documented and reinterred at Woodlawn Memorial Park. Appropriate agencies like the Guelph Police Services, partner Indigenous governments and provincial ministries are being notified of any discovery. Kitchener Top Stories 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Missing 55-year-old Brantford woman found safe Pedestrian struck and killed by train in Ingersoll Boy who saved mother’s life takes part in youth police training program Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Lions Club's Reverse Santa Claus Parade returns to Kitchener for second straight year Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
