https://bc.ctvnews.ca/9-covid-19-deaths-recorded-friday-in-b-c-s-deadliest-day-since-february-1.5580275
9 COVID-19 deaths recorded Friday in B.C.'s deadliest day since February | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver 9 COVID-19 deaths recorded Friday in B.C.'s deadliest day since February People line up to get a COVID-19 vaccine at a pop-up clinic in Vancouver. (Shutterstock) Vancouver - B.C.'s Ministry of Health has announced 820 additional cases of COVID-19, as well as nine related deaths. The nine deaths are the most reported in a 24-hour period since Feb. 25. The latest cases bring B.C.'s seven-day rolling average for new infections up to 690. There have now been 173,158 confirmed coronavirus cases and 1,856 deaths in B.C. since the pandemic began. Currently, there are 5,850 active cases of COVID-19 in the province. That includes 281 people who are battling the disease in hospital, 135 of them in intensive care units. The largest share of the newly announced cases was found in the Fraser Health region, where 264 infections were reported. Another 253 cases were found in Interior Health, which has been the hotspot of B.C.'s fourth wave of the pandemic. Notably, though they've recorded similar numbers of new cases over the last few weeks, Fraser Health and Interior Health have vastly different populations. Fraser Health is home to more than twice as many people as Interior Health, meaning far fewer people are contracting the coronavirus in the Fraser Health region on a per-capita basis. Elsewhere, Friday saw 112 new cases in Vancouver Coastal Health, 101 in Northern Health and 90 in Island Health. The nine deaths were reported across four different regions, with three in Vancouver Coastal Health, three in Interior Health, two in Northern Health and one in Island Health. Health officials have blamed B.C.'s fourth wave on the highly transmissible Delta variant, which has spread especially rapidly through unvaccinated populations in the province. Of the 4,661 COVID-19 infections reported between Sept. 2 and 8, 69.8 per cent were found in unvaccinated people. This, despite the fact that unvaccinated people make up less than a third of B.C.'s total population, and an even smaller percentage of those ages 12 and older who are eligible to be vaccinated. As of Friday, 85.5 per cent of people in that eligible age group had received at least a first dose of a COVID-19 vaccine, and 78 per cent had received both shots. Beginning on Monday, proof of a first dose of vaccine will be required for participation in certain non-essential activities, including dining in restaurants and working out in gyms. By Oct. 24, proof of full vaccination will be required in such settings. More information on the B.C. Vaccine Card that will serve as proof of vaccination for B.C. residents can be found here and on the provincial government website. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
