https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-59365019
Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle button off all album pages - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture MenuMore Search Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories More Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads Entertainment & Arts Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle button off all album pages By Jennifer Meierhans BBC News Published 5 hours ago Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing Image source, Getty Images Image caption, Adele said asking Spotify to remove the shuffle button was the only request she had in an ever-changing industry Adele has persuaded Spotify to take the shuffle button off all album pages so tracks play in the artist's own order. The singer tweeted: "We don't create albums with so much care and thought into our track listing for no reason. "Our art tells a story and our stories should be listened to as we intended. Thank you Spotify for listening." The streaming service replied "anything for you". A statement later hailed their "new premium feature... to make play the default button on all albums". A Spotify spokesperson said they were "excited" to be rolling out the feature which was "long requested by both users and artists". The spokesperson said Spotify users could still choose to shuffle an album, but the system would default to playing tracks in the order chosen by the artist. "As always, we will continue to iterate our products and features to create the best experiences for both artists and their fans," the statement concluded. Adele's 30 - her first album in six years - was available on Spotify from its release on Friday. This marked a change from her last album - 25 - which could only be bought physically or downloaded when it was released in November 2015. It became the fastest-selling album in British history, shifting more than 800,000 copies in its first week. It was not until June 2016 that it was made available on streaming sites such as Spotify, Apple Music and Tidal. Related Topics Spotify Streaming Music Adele More on this story How random is a random playlist? Published 19 February 2015 Review: Adele's 30 finds her emotionally bewildered Published 3 days ago Huge figures return Adele to top of singles chart Published 22 October Top Stories Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade Published 8 minutes ago Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe Published 1 hour ago Water cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium. VideoWater cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium Published 8 hours ago Features UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence Looted art claims pose questions for revamped museum TB Joshua's widow and the battle for his church What went wrong at Man Utd under Solskjaer? The 99-year-old cyclist who has won a world silver medal Why did this mum take her children to the IS capital? The art of a great urban wildlife photo. VideoThe art of a great urban wildlife photo 'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer. Video'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer How one Austrian woman saved 7,700 children from Nazi camps Elsewhere on the BBC 'I feel very cross about it' Joe Lycett uncovers the darker side of his family history Would you buy a house with no doors?! Life in the world's oldest town... Most Read 1Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade 2Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe 3Taliban bans women from TV dramas in Afghanistan 4Khashoggi fiancee urges Bieber to cancel Saudi show 5China tennis star claims to be safe in video call 6Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle off album pages 7El Salvador plans Bitcoin city at base of volcano 8Indian billionaires bet big on homegrown couture 9UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence 10More protests erupt in Europe over Covid curbs BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
