https://www.afp.com/en/agency/charter
AFP Charter | AFP.com Washington (AFP) - 11/22/2021 - 03:16 'Some fatalities' after vehicle strikes Wisconsin Christmas parade: police Washington (AFP) - 11/22/2021 - 02:29 Vehicle plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade, 20 injured: police Santiago (AFP) - 11/22/2021 - 00:46 Candidates from far-right, left parties lead Chile presidential race Washington (AFP) - 11/21/2021 - 23:55 US 'encouraged' by Sudan deal, cautions against excessive force on protesters: Blinken Port-au-Prince (AFP) - 11/21/2021 - 22:18 Two of the 17 N.American hostages abducted in Haiti are free: church The Hague (AFP) - 11/21/2021 - 22:14 Third night of Covid unrest in Netherlands: police Sofia (AFP) - 11/21/2021 - 19:06 Bulgaria president Radev set to win re-election: exit polls Khartoum (AFP) - 11/21/2021 - 18:02 Sudan teen shot dead in Khartoum anti-coup protests: medics Tripoli (AFP) - 11/21/2021 - 17:13 Libya's PM Dbeibah registers for presidential bid: TV Khartoum (AFP) - 11/21/2021 - 14:07 Sudan's Burhan and PM Hamdok agree to restore transition: AFP The Agency About AFP Management AFP in the World AFP Charter Subsidiaries Annual Report 2020 Awards Press releases and newsletter Join us Products Products and services Partners Inside AFP AFP FORUM Correspondent AFP Fact Check Contact Search EN Français English Español Português Deutsch العربية EN Search form Search You are here Home > The Agency > About > AFP Charter AFP Charter Agence France-Presse is a multi-lingual, multi-cultural news agency whose mission is to provide accurate, balanced and impartial coverage of news wherever and whenever it happens in the world on a continuous basis. Be it in text, photo, video, graphics or any other format, AFP’s duty is to seek and publish the truth in an increasingly disrupted world of information. As guaranteed by its founding statute, AFP speaks with an independent voice free of political, commercial or ideological influence. Agence France-Presse supports freedom of expression and the right of journalists to exercise their profession without fear of intimidation, incarceration or physical harm. Agence France-Presse is committed to protecting the safety of all of those who work for it. Agence France-Presse rejects discrimination based on race, gender, nationality, religion, sexual orientation or any other factor. Download the PDF version of the AFP Charter AFP Editorial standards and best practices Introduction The following document on editorial standards and best practices sets out the guiding principles for AFP’s editorial operations at a time of fast-moving changes in the news media. It incorporates the universally accepted ethical principles of providing accurate, impartial and balanced coverage, and codifies and elaborates on the ethical guidelines listed in our editorial stylebooks. It is a living document that will be updated as the news business develops and we encounter fresh challenges. The guidelines and rules in this document are not designed to be a substitute for, or to take precedence over, local labour legislation or existing company agreements. It is divided into eight sections – the 10 key principles, the fundamentals, areas of concern, conduct, financial reporting, security and hostile environments, UGC and images. This document was drawn up after extensive research into the ethics codes of other major media around the world, historical documents such as the 1971 Munich Declaration of the Duties and Rights of Journalists, and contemporary research and guidelines published by such institutions as the Dart Center for Journalism and Trauma and the Tow Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia University in New York. Thanks above all are due to the members of the AFP editorial team who contributed to the drafting of this document. Download the PDF version of the AFP editorial standards and best practices Twenty principles of sourcing The credibility of Agence France-Presse depends largely on the transparency and quality of its sourcing. With the amount of rumour and noise circulating online and in social networks, AFP’s role of providing accurate and verified news via identified and trustworthy sources has never been more important. The following document explains the fundamentals of the Agency’s rules on sourcing and how we should manage relationships with sources. These guidelines should be respected and should be applied using professional judgement, experience and common sense. The chief editor’s department is available 24 hours a day for advice or for a final decision. If you have any questions about these rules, feel there are omissions or come across any situations that raise new questions, please contact the chief editor’s department. Eric Wishart, Michèle Léridon Download the PDF version of the twenty principles of sourcing Follow us on Twitter YouTube Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Our subsidiaries AFP Gmbh Sport Informations Dienst FACTSTORY MediaConnect About AFP Agence France-Presse (AFP) is a leading global news agency providing fast, comprehensive and verified coverage of the events shaping our world and of the issues affecting our daily lives. Drawing from an unparalleled news gathering network across 151 countries, AFP is also a world leader in digital verification. With 2,400 staff representing 100 different nationalities, AFP covers the world in six languages, with a unique quality of multimedia storytelling spanning video, text, photos and graphics. Useful links Terms of use / Privacy Policy / Use of cookies Legal information Contact us Site Map Press office Press Releases Prizes & Awards Partner Business Wire close
