https://calgary.ctvnews.ca/do-you-know-this-woman-rcmp-seek-information-after-body-found-1.5674734
Alberta RCMP release composite sketch after woman's body found in rural area | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Calgary Close CALGARY Search CTV Calgary Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Lethbridge Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Calgary Do you know this woman? RCMP seek information after body found The RCMP Major Crimes Unit is looking to identify this woman, whose remains were found near Pincher Creek on Friday morning. (Supplied) CALGARY - Authorities in southern Alberta are looking for help from the public to identify a woman whose remains were found in a rural area near Pincher Creek. Officials say emergency crews were called to the scene at 7:55 a.m. on Friday after receiving a report of a deceased woman being found. Forensic work resulted in a composite sketch of the victim, including a number of her distinctive tattoos. She was also wearing a bracelet. On Saturday, police put out a description of the woman to help their identification efforts. Mounties said on Sunday that based on tips received from the public, the woman was positively identified. Anyone with dashcam footage and who travelled in the area of Highway 505 and Range Road 291A between 4 p.m. on Nov. 18 and 8 a.m. on Nov. 19 is asked to contact Pincher Creek RCMP. Police are also asking anyone who may have observed any suspicious activity or vehicles in the area after dusk on Nov. 18 to contact them. If you have any information in relation to this investigation, please contact Pincher Creek RCMP at 403-627-6010. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS), online at www.P3Tips.com or by using the "P3 Tips" app available through the Apple App or Google Play Store. Calgary Top Stories Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Ethiopian-Canadians rally outside U.S. consulate in Calgary Calgary's Filipino community to gather in support of presidential candidate 1 injured in southwest Calgary house fire Certain white sesame seed and pistachio products recalled for potential Salmonella contamination 'Sign of the strength': Kenney talks about future of the Alberta UCP Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
