https://northernontario.ctvnews.ca/algoma-public-health-reports-41-new-covid-cases-2-potential-public-exposures-1.5675275
Algoma Public Health reports 41 new COVID Cases, 2 potential public exposures | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Northern Ontario Close NORTHERN ONTARIO Search CTV Northern Ontario Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Northern COVID-19 News Northern Mining News Northern Federal Election Coverage Around the Region North Bay News Sault Ste. Marie News Sudbury News Timmins News Video Latest All Video CTV News Live OHL FILE Online Exclusive Video Help Northern Ontario Features Along for the Ride with CAA Ask An Expert Community Futures Northeastern Ontario Explore the Outdoors Fields to Forks Gardening Northern Artists Perform Pet Care Volunteer of the Month Shows News Programs CTV news at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Instagram Twitter Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Northern Ontario Algoma Public Health reports 41 new COVID Cases, 2 potential public exposures Algoma Public Health (file) SUDBURY - In a public service announcement made late Saturday night, Algoma Public Health reported 41 new cases of COVID-19 and potential public exposures at a community pool and an Air Canada flight from Toronto. The case count across the Sault Ste. Marie and Area district continues to surge with 39 new cases while two positive tests were returned from residents in Central and East Algoma. The news comes despite 77.4 per cent of the area’s total population being fully vaccinated, meaning they’ve received two doses, while 80.4 per cent have received at least one dose. "Due to increasing rates of COVID-19 in Algoma, we have requested assistance from provincial case and contact managers and from other health units," public officials said in the announcement. "If you are a case or a high-risk contact, you may receive a call from a case/contact manager from outside of Algoma Public Health." Public health officials are also advising of two potential public COVID-19 exposures. The first, a high-risk exposure on Ait Canada flight 8201, which departed Toronto Pearson International airport on Nov.14 at 4:15p.m. and arrived at the Sault Ste. Marie airport at 5:30 p.m. "Passengers who sat in rows 10-14 and flight crew who served these rows should follow the below actions," read the media release. Algoma Public Health is asking any individual present on the date and times listed in the potential high-risk exposure to get tested for COVID-19 as soon as possible, regardless of their vaccination status. Those who are vaccinated are asked to self-monitor for signs and symptoms while those who are not vaccinated are asked to self-isolate immediately until November 21, 2021. The second potential public exposure at the John Rhodes Community Centre Pool has been deemed 'low-risk' by health officials. Anyone who attended the community centre on November 17, 2021 between 4:30p.m. and 5:30 p.m. is asked to self monitor for symptoms of COVID-10 for 10 days from potential exposure. If symptoms develop, self-isolate immediately and seek testing. Of the 41 new cases recorded by Algoma Public Health, 5 are under investigation, 24 are as a result of close contact with a known case, 1 as a result of international travel, and it is unknown how the individuals in the 11 remaining cases contracted the virus. Top Stories Winter conditions close multiple major highways and several weather alerts issued Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Potential public exposures to COVID-19 reported on Temiskaming Transit routes PHU declares COVID-19 outbreak at Pope Francis Elementary School in Timmins Rooster among record number of animals at Sault Ste. Marie Humane Society Sudbury’s Salvation Army launches 'Christmas Kettle' campaign Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
