https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/anti-hate-groups-fear-wording-problems-may-delay-a-new-law-tackling-vitriol-online-1.5675108
Anti-hate groups fear wording problems may delay a new law tackling vitriol online | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement CANADA Anti-hate groups fear wording problems may delay a new law tackling vitriol online Marie Woolf The Canadian Press Staff Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 8:41AM EST Last Updated Sunday, November 21, 2021 9:45AM EST Social media application logos. (Bloomua / Shutterstock.com) Share: Reddit Share Text: OTTAWA -- A coalition of advocacy groups is urging the federal government to stick with its promise to take immediate action on online hate speech and to include steps to tackle the issue in Tuesday's throne speech. The coalition members say they want ministers to treat such a law as a matter of urgency amid fears that concerns over its wording could stall its progress for years. The Liberals promised during the recent federal election that legislation addressing online hate would be a priority in the new parliamentary session, set to get underway on Monday. Shortly before Parliament adjourned ahead of the September vote, the Liberal government tabled a bill targeting extreme forms of hate speech online. That proposed legislation, known as Bill C-36, attracted criticism from the Opposition Conservatives and others who expressed concern that it could curb freedom of speech or be difficult to enforce. That bill ultimately died on the order paper when Parliament was dissolved. Canadian Heritage and the Department of Justice say they're working on ways to address the issue and note the solution could involve more than one bill. In recent months, according to the Heritage Department, the government has been consulting on how to frame fresh legislation on online harm. Justine Lesage, a spokeswoman for Heritage Minister Pablo Rodriguez, said Bill C-36 was part of a major push by the government to tackle hate speech. "The bill doesn't work on its own," she said, adding tackling online harm continues to be "a priority for the government." The recent consultation efforts have also seen the Liberals float the creation of a new government agency to tackle online harms. But groups that have been consulted about the proposals fear problems with wording and the scope of any new legislation could see the issue lose its priority placement on the government's to-do list. The Coalition to Combat Online Hate, which includes Jewish, Muslim, Sikh, Indigenous and Black organizations, has written to Justice Minister David Lametti and Rodriguez urging them to ensure that a bill regulating online hate and vitriol will have "swift passage" through parliament. The letter says regulation is needed because "the social media industry cannot be trusted to regulate itself." "Now is the time to act. Every day, Canadians are exposed to a barrage of hateful content," the letter reads, adding that youth and racialized Canadians face such content more often than others. Bill C-36 would have amended the Canadian Human Rights Act to bring in a new version of a controversial section that was repealed in 2013 amid criticism that it violated the right to free speech. The proposed change would have more narrowly defined hatred as "the emotion that involves detestation or vilification" that is "stronger than dislike or disdain." Bill C-36 would also have amended the Criminal Code and Youth Criminal Justice Act. The bill would have allowed individuals or groups to file hate speech complaints with the Canadian Human Rights Commission. It also included measures aimed at preventing abuse of the process. At the time, the Conservatives dismissed Bill C-36 as eleventh-hour "political posturing." The Conservative election platform promised to criminalize statements inciting violence against people or identifiable groups, while protecting speech, such as criticism, that does not. NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh has called for online hate to be more forcefully regulated. Bill C-36 would have applied only to those writing a hate message online, and not to the social media platforms where they are posting it. The Liberal platform said legislation ensuring that "social media companies and other online services are held accountable for the content that they host" would come in the first 100 days of a new mandate. Richard Marceau, a former Bloc Quebecois member of Parliament who now heads the coalition pushing for quick action, said there was a clear link between online vitriol and violent attacks on Jews and Muslims. "Our understanding is they are working really hard on this but that there thinking is not completely finished," Marceau said of the government's efforts to date. "We understand that when we are dealing with freedom of expression, particularly with online hate, you need to strike the right balance. We want to make sure that targeted groups are protected from online hate which too often leads to actual violence." There are concerns that a rushed bill would not survive parliamentary scrutiny, or that comedians or those expressing thorny political opinions could be inadvertently caught up in its scope. Fatema Abdalla, spokeswoman for the National Council of Canadian Muslims, said there were clear links between hate forums and a string of attacks on Muslims. "We do think that this is an urgent issue that we want to be tackled this session. But we also believe that it has to be done right," she said. Bernie Farber, founder of the Canadian Anti-Hate Network, said it would be better to introduce a bill and finesse it in a parliamentary committee than see further delays. "I would rather have poorly worded legislation than nothing at all," he said. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 21, 2021. Related Stories Clock ticking on promised but 'problematic' online harms bill. Will the Liberals reverse course? Bernier loses defamation fight against columnist who called him racist Trudeau calls for clearing cyberspace of hate, disinformation at peace forum Clock already ticking on Liberal promise to introduce host of bills in first 100 days Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News MORE NEWS FROM CANADA Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
