https://barrie.ctvnews.ca/around-the-region
Around The Region | CTV News Barrie Skip to main content Live Search CTV Barrie Close BARRIE Search CTV Barrie Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Photo Galleries Contests Around the Region Simcoe - Muskoka COVID-19 Updates Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at Eleven About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Around The Region | CTV News Barrie What's happening in our communities RVH President and CEO announces retirement Royal Victoria Regional Health Centre's president and CEO plans to step down after 17 years of enhancing patient care at the Barrie hospital. Annual Rotary Club women’s show returns to Barrie The Rotary Club of Barrie-Huronia is hosting a women's show this week to raise money for area shelters. Barrie Salvation Army kicks off Christmas campaign with drive-thru breakfast The Salvation Army in Barrie is kicking off the holiday season with a drive-thru breakfast on Friday. Christmas Cheer aims to raise $250,000 for families in need this holiday season With rising food costs a growing concern, donations for families in need are more important than ever as the annual Barrie & District Christmas Cheer campaign kicks off. Musical theatres returns to Barrie with a global event A global event celebrating local theatre will hit the stage in Barrie with the Kempenfelt Community Players. 100th anniversary of Banting and Best's first success treating diabetic animals On this day, 100 years ago, pivotal steps were taken to improve the lives of diabetics around the world. Tiny Township firefighters look to raise tens of thousands of dollars in support of men's health Firefighters across Tiny Township are hoping to raise tens of thousands of dollars to raise awareness for men's health. Simcoe County charity collecting every day essentials for those in need An organization is calling on the public for donations of non-perishable food, household essentials and cleaning supplies to help those in need across Simcoe County. Gravenhurst students create ceramic poppies to support local legions Students at Gravenhurst High School have been hard at work making ceramic poppies leading up to Remembrance Day. MORE LOCAL NEWS Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Barrie Police have announced that three people have been taken into custody following a shooting Friday evening that left a 17-year-old teen dead. Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Christmas morning is just over a month away, and for many Ontario families, this weekend marked the official start to the holiday season. Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 While many communities across Central Ontario decided to cancel their annual Santa Claus Parades again, they still found a way to make sure the big man in red could stop by ahead of Christmas day. Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser One town councillor in Innisfil is challenging a counterpart in Bradford West Gwillimbury for who can bring in the most funds for Movember. OPP search for suspects after Thursday shoplifting incident in Gravenhurst Bracebridge OPP are asking for the public's help in identifying two female suspects believed to be connected to a shoplifting incident on Nov. 18. Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch A national campaign is again calling on the public's help to support women of any age in distress. New AED installed in Oro-Medonte The township of Oro-Medonte took a big step this weekend towards helping to prevent future losses of life. Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Health officials in Ontario reported another 741 cases of COVID-19 on Sunday as well as three more deaths related to the disease. Teenager shot and killed in southeast Barrie neighbourhood Friday Barrie Police tell CTV News a 17-year-old male was shot and killed in an incident Friday evening in the southeast part of the city. Top Videos Three arrested after Barrie shooting Barrie council set for 2022 budget talks Christmas tree growers prepare for holiday rush Santa in the sunshine city Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. NEWS FROM AROUND ONTARIO What could be next for Ont. amid rising cases Ontario's scientific advisors are looking to Europe to project what could happen next as COVID-19 cases begin to rise again in the province. Wingham restaurant openly defying vaccine rules CTV London’s Scott Miller reports on a Wingham restaurant that was shut down by health unit for defying vaccine passport rules. Parents rally against racism in Barrie-area school Over 100 people flooded Meridian Place in downtown Barrie on Friday to rally against racism in the classroom. Ottawa doctor seeks protection from death threats Doctor Nili Kaplan-Myrth wants officials to protect health workers who face threats from the public. CTV's Megan Shaw reports. MOL probes school construction site incident One man is in critical condition after a wall collapsed at a school construction site in Forest Glade. CTV Windsor’s Chris Campbell reports. Sudbury's new Children's Treatment Centre open Sudbury's new Children's Treatment Centre is now open at its new Southridge Mall location. Toronto housing prices continue to climb The real estate buying frenzy in the GTA has cooled down, but a drop in inventory is causing more headaches for buyers. Kingston students face big fines for massive party Up to 4,000 students attend an outdoor party in defiance of public health measures. CTV’s Kimberley Johnson reports. Windsor to welcome Afghanistan refugees The wheels are in motion to have refugee families from Afghanistan settle into Windsor soon. CTV Windsor's Chris Campbell reports. CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Two of 17 members of a missionary group who were kidnapped more than a month ago have been freed in Haiti and are safe, "in good spirits and being cared for," their Ohio-based church organization announced Sunday. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' All hands are on deck in Abbotsford, B.C. as workers try to close a roughly 100-metre gap in the Sumas River dike. Todd Battis reports. Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Canada gears up for largest mass vaccinations program for children in history. CTV’s Avis Favaro reports. Canada seeks solutions over U.S. trade issues, supply chain The Three Amigos has begun at the White House for the first time in five years. CTV’s Joyce Napier reports. Feds, B.C. announce joint supply chain recover working group There is yet to be any estimates of how much damage to B.C.’s infrastructure will cost. CTV’s Allison Hurst reports. Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai appears at Beijing tournament Missing tennis star Peng Shuai reappeared in public on Nov.20 at a youth tournament in Beijing, according to videos shared on social media. Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
