https://www.ctvnews.ca/entertainment/actor-art-lafleur-known-for-his-roles-in-the-sandlot-and-field-of-dreams-has-died-at-78-1.5675296
Art LaFleur, 'The Sandlot' actor, has died at 78 | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON ENTERTAINMENT Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Dakin Andone CNN Digital Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 1:54PM EST Actor Art LaFleur, pictured here, on September 1, 2013 in Los Angeles has died at the age of 78. (Eric Charbonneau/Invision/AP/CNN) Share: Reddit Share Text: The actor Art LaFleur -- known for his roles in "The Sandlot" and "Field of Dreams" -- has died at the age of 78, his wife said in a statement. LaFleur passed away after a decade fighting atypical Parkinson's disease, his wife Shelley LaFleur said on Facebook on Thursday, highlighting some of the roles he played over the course of his career, including Babe Ruth in "The Sandlot," the Tooth Fairy in the second and third installments of "The Santa Clause" films, and Chick Gandil in "Field of Dreams." "He was a generous and selfless man which carried over to his acting," Shelley LaFleur wrote, "but more importantly it was who he was for his family and friends." LaFleur also appeared in a number of TV series over the years, including "Charlie's Angels," "M*A*S*H," "Home Improvement," "Matlock," "Boy Meets World," "JAG" and "Malcolm in the Middle," among many others, his page on IMDb notes. "I was so very lucky to have had a 43 year relationship with a man who cherished me and who I adored," Shelley LaFleur said. "Art was larger than life and meant the world to us." Related Stories Frank Thomas heads group that buys Field of Dreams site Yanks, Chisox go deep into corn; Field of Dreams hosts more Field of Dreams: Inspired by 1989 film, MLB makes Iowa debut Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Entertainment Stories Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees 'Tiger King' Joe Exotic moved to North Carolina facility 'Ghostbusters: Afterlife' captures US$44 million in theatres New record from Sharon, Lois and Bram offers a nostalgic look back Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
