https://atlantic.ctvnews.ca/
Atlantic News | Local Breaking | CTV News Atlantic Skip to main content Live Search CTV Atlantic Close ATLANTIC Search CTV Atlantic Close News Latest News Weather Poll Video Latest Video CTV News Live CTV Morning Live CTV News at Five Video Help Shows CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About | Contact Us Contests Advertise with Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Atlantic News | Local Breaking | CTV News Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit Through the first part of this week, a series of coastal low pressure systems will stall in the vicinity of the Maritimes. As they do, they will pull moisture up from the sub-tropical Atlantic, which will then come down on our region as an extended period of rain. N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated Health officials in New Brunswick are reporting 90 new cases of COVID-19 on Sunday, along with 43 recoveries, as the total number of active cases increases to 640. P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Health officials on Prince Edward Island are reporting two new cases of COVID-19 on Sunday, one involving a student at Three Oaks Senior High School in Summerside. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes The Halifax Regional Municipality's Emergency Management Division is closely monitoring the weather forecast as a series of low pressure systems make their way towards the Maritimes. Salvation Army's Kettle Campaign kicks off using 'tap to give' feature for second year in a row It's only the first week of the Salvation Army's Kettle Campaign in the Fredericton-Oromocto region and they're already behind on donations. N.B.'s COVID-19 active case count drops Saturday as province works to contain several outbreaks As New Brunswick deals with COVID-19 outbreaks throughout the province, residents say they aren't too concerned about the current active case count. Three-year-old Dylan Ehler disappeared in seconds. His family wants changes to the missing child alert system W5’s one hour special investigation airing Saturday at 7 p.m. digs into the disappearance in Truro, N.S. in May of 2020, raising critical questions about the police and search and rescue mission. Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch The company behind the push to build Canada's first commercial spaceport, to be located on the tip of northeastern Nova Scotia, announced on Friday the first payload client for its initial rocket launch, which it expects near the end of 2023. Soldier who served cannabis cupcakes sentenced to 30 days, dismissed from Forces The soldier convicted of serving cannabis-laced cupcakes to eight of her comrades during a live-fire training exercise in New Brunswick in 2018 has been sentenced to 30 days in jail, but plans to appeal. Catholic church pastor in Cape Breton apologizes for saying in vitro fertilization is 'immoral' Pastor of Cape Breton church apologizes for comments about artificial insemination and fertilization. Juice mixes recalled due to possible presence of glass Kraft Heinz Canada is recalling its Country Time brand Original Lemonade Fruit Juice Substitute Drink Mix and Tang brand Orange Flavour Crystals due to the possible presence of glass. Expenses of N.S. kids hospital ex-CEO vanished from public record, court told The director of finance at a Halifax children's hospital told a fraud trial Friday she was surprised when a major part of the former CEO's expenses had vanished from a publicly disclosed report. N.S. RCMP investigating fatal collision in Port Hawkesbury RCMP in Nova Scotia's Inverness County are investigating a fatal collision that occurred on Reeves Street in Port Hawkesbury, N.S. Canada authorizes first COVID-19 vaccine for kids Health Canada has authorized the first COVID-19 vaccine for children ages five to 11, giving the regulatory green light to Pfizer-BioNTech's two-dose vaccine, meaning kids across the country will soon be able to receive additional protection against the novel coronavirus. The first shipment of these pediatric doses will arrive on Sunday, with a total of 2.9 million doses landing by the end of next week. N.S. physician wait-list hits record high The wait-list to secure a family physician or nurse practitioner in Nova Scotia has ballooned over the past year-and-a-half and is sitting at an all-time high. U.S. Indo Pacific Command chief says collaboration key to keeping region free and open The head of the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command is calling for greater collaboration between allies and partners to strive for a free and open Indo-Pacific as increasingly bold military actions from neighbouring countries stoke tensions in the region. Dr. Richard Goldbloom was a pillar of Halifax's medical community Dr. Richard Goldbloom has passed away after an extraordinary career and life of service that has left a lasting legacy in the Halifax region. Nearly 2,000 N.B. public sector workers not vaccinated as deadline arrives The vaccination deadline for public sector workers in New Brunswick has now arrived, and while the province says the vast majority have been double-dosed, that still leaves nearly 2,000 who are not. Emails reveal the inner communication at Halifax City Hall leading up to dismantling of homeless camps A former municipal politician in questioning the amount of power unelected officials hold at Halifax City Hall as documents provide a glimpse of what went on behind the scenes leading up to the dismantling of homeless camps over the summer. Top Videos Heavy rain on the way for parts of the Maritimes N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries Storm prep underway for homeless community Kettle Campaign donations off to a slow start N.B. reports 67 new COVID-19 cases Saturday P.E.I. reports four new COVID-19 cases Saturday N.S. increases COVID-19 fine amount Transgender Day of Remembrance A week of reforms in N.B. Editor's Picks Salvation Army's Kettle Campaign kicks off using 'tap to give' feature for second year in a row It's only the first week of the Salvation Army's Kettle Campaign in the Fredericton-Oromocto region and they're already behind on donations. Halifax museum prepares to unveil 80,000 year old mastodon bones Even though they were unearthed three decades ago, so far, only researchers have seen mastodon bones found here in the Maritimes. Putting their best paws forward: Raising awareness about first responders' mental health When the alarm sounds and firefighters head out on a call, they never really know what's waiting for them. 'It's a hard thing to come forward': Calls for more action on human trafficking in N.S. The mother of a teen survivor of human trafficking says hearing of recent trafficking charges laid in another case in Bridgewater, N.S., brings back memories of the moment she learned the same thing had happened to her daughter. Hospital gift-giving catalogue keeps Cape Breton woman’s memory alive Special delivery sparks rumours of return of beloved holiday tradition A special delivery at Mic Mac Mall in Dartmouth, N.S. had social media buzzing with rumours Friday. Finding beauty in isolation: A photo essay of abandoned Nova Scotia properties Former newspaper photojournalists Ted Pritchard and Ingrid Bulmer have just published their first book after spending two years travelling Nova Scotia seeking out abandoned homes and spaces. Service and sacrifice: Commemorating Lance Corporal Charles Darcus The Fredericton Region Museum is remembering First World War soldier Charles Darcus this Remembrance Day. Remembering faces from the past: A tribute to New Brunswick war veterans Ahead of Remembrance Day, Woodstock, New Brunswick's Main Street is adorned with the faces and names of local veterans. CTV Morning Live CTV Morning Live Atlantic for Friday, November 19, 2021 News update: Friday, Nov. 19, 2021 Weather update: Friday, Nov. 19, 2021 Breaking down the stigma on men's mental health Tis the season for some seafood Festive fashion for your holiday season Falling in love around the world Move 100.9 music minute News update: Thursday, Nov. 18, 2021 News at 5 Fredericton curlers ride 'highs and lows' as they go end-to-end, and so on, for world record A group of Fredericton curlers is on its way to crushing the world record for longest curling marathon. Putting their best paws forward: Raising awareness about first responders' mental health When the alarm sounds and firefighters head out on a call, they never really know what's waiting for them. U Sport Women's National Soccer Championship kick off in Cape Breton The U Sport Women's National Soccer Championship hit the pitch at Cape Breton University for the first time since the pandemic began and the event comes at the height of the sport's popularity. Halifax museum prepares to unveil 80,000 year old mastodon bones Even though they were unearthed three decades ago, so far, only researchers have seen mastodon bones found here in the Maritimes. Special delivery from one island to another Maritimers band together in time of need and a recent shipment of food from P.E.I. to the Glace Bay Food Bank is the latest example of that. Canadian soccer fans react to World Cup qualifying win over Mexico Close to 50,000 frenzied fans endured frigid weather as Canada beat Mexico 2-1, to move closer to clinching a spot in the 2022 World Cup. 'Wasn't reliable science': Canadian Blood Services prepares to drop longtime ban on blood donations A policy that's been deeply offensive to the LGBTQ+ community for generations may finally be falling to the wayside, but advocates say much more will be needed to rebuild trust. 'It's a hard thing to come forward': Calls for more action on human trafficking in N.S. The mother of a teen survivor of human trafficking says hearing of recent trafficking charges laid in another case in Bridgewater, N.S., brings back memories of the moment she learned the same thing had happened to her daughter. Featured Events WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 7 a.m. CTV News at Noon Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. N.S. Potential COVID Exposures N.B. Potential Public Exposures N.S. Public School COVID-19 Exposures We Are Young Creezy's YouTube channel Lennie Gallant Give Where You Live The Guardian Angel Platoon Bruce Gouthro's Songwriters' Circle Shannon Bower Katharine Burns Links in the news CTV News On the Go Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Four-eared cat becomes social media icon W5 Preview: Heartbreaking search for a missing N.S. boy 'I thought I was gonna die': B.C. man stranded by flooding Highlights from Across Canada 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. CFL all-time passing leader Anthony Calvillo becomes a Canadian citizen The man who's passed for more yards than anyone in CFL history - Anthony Calvillo - is now a Canadian. Canadian soldier sentenced to jail in first-of-its-kind cannabis cupcake case A Canadian soldier will spend up to 30 days in jail for drugging her comrades with cannabis-laced cupcakes during a live-fire training exercise in 2018. Overdue library book returned to Vancouver branch nearly 70 years later The phrase "better late than never" applies to library books too, it turns out. A book recently returned to a branch of the Vancouver Public Library was decades overdue. Sask. bison help archaeologist uncover 'rare' 1,000 year old petroglyph Rock carvings from more than a thousand years ago have been discovered at Wanuskewin Heritage Park. Northern Ontario man renovating business finds decades-old bottles of Guinness behind wall When Wayne Wallace was renovating his new computer business on Main Street in Powassan, he found some beer and liquor bottles which he determined are decades-old. Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch The company behind the push to build Canada's first commercial spaceport, to be located on the tip of northeastern Nova Scotia, announced on Friday the first payload client for its initial rocket launch, which it expects near the end of 2023. STAY CONNECTED Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. CTVNews.ca Top Stories More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Two of 17 members of a missionary group who were kidnapped more than a month ago have been freed in Haiti and are safe, "in good spirits and being cared for," their Ohio-based church organization announced Sunday. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' All hands are on deck in Abbotsford, B.C. as workers try to close a roughly 100-metre gap in the Sumas River dike. Todd Battis reports. Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Canada gears up for largest mass vaccinations program for children in history. CTV’s Avis Favaro reports. Canada seeks solutions over U.S. trade issues, supply chain The Three Amigos has begun at the White House for the first time in five years. CTV’s Joyce Napier reports. Feds, B.C. announce joint supply chain recover working group There is yet to be any estimates of how much damage to B.C.’s infrastructure will cost. CTV’s Allison Hurst reports. Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai appears at Beijing tournament Missing tennis star Peng Shuai reappeared in public on Nov.20 at a youth tournament in Beijing, according to videos shared on social media. Toronto Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Ottawa Phase 2 LRT construction creating accessibility issues for Carlingwood residents Sixteen Ottawa elementary schools have COVID-19 outbreaks OPH reports 55 new COVID-19 cases, 1 new hospitalization, 0 new deaths London More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen Northern Ontario Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Winnipeg Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Saskatoon 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama Regina Preparations underway for 50th Canadian Western Agribition CTV News Regina: Here's what's making headlines this Sunday John Paddock returns to the Pats bench, leads team to 4-2 victory Vancouver Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Vancouver Island Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
