https://bc.ctvnews.ca/surrey-man-pleads-guilty-to-2-counts-of-tax-evasion-faces-nearly-60k-in-fines-1.5662414
B.C. 'real estate property manager' pleads guilty to tax evasion, fined $60K | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver Surrey man pleads guilty to 2 counts of tax evasion, faces nearly $60K in fines Vancouver - A Surrey man has been fined nearly $60,000 after pleading guilty to two counts of tax evasion, according to the Canada Revenue Agency. Jason Robert Hineman failed to report $208,548 when he neglected to file his 2010 and 2011 tax returns, the CRA said in a news release this week. The unreported income came from project management and other services Hineman provided during those tax years, the agency said, describing Hineman as a "real estate project manager." The CRA said Hineman willfully evaded $39,755 in taxes. He pleaded guilty to two counts of tax evasion on Oct. 28 and was fined a total of $59,662, or 150 per cent of the income tax he evaded, according to the CRA. Online court records indicate that Hineman was initially charged with five counts of tax evasion, but three of those charges were stayed by the Crown. According to the CRA, 36 people were convicted of tax-related crimes between April 1, 2020 and March 31, 2021, and courts imposed fines of more than $5 million on those people. Additionally, 15 of those individuals were given prison sentences. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
