https://bc.ctvnews.ca/stay-safe-all-astronaut-shares-nasa-photo-of-b-c-flooding-as-seen-from-space-1.5672327
B.C. flooding seen from space in NASA photo | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver 'Stay safe, all': Astronaut shares NASA photo of B.C. flooding as seen from space VANCOUVER - The flooding that prompted a provincial state of emergency in British Columbia is visible from space. Commander Chris Hadfield, a famed Canadian astronaut who made three previous trips to space, shared a NASA photo Wednesday of the Fraser River where it meets the Pacific Ocean. He said the photo shows the flooding and what he called "amazing movement of topsoil into the sea." "Stay safe, all," he wrote. Fraser River flooding, from space. Amazing movement of topsoil into the sea. Stay safe, all. @NASA pic.twitter.com/k06r873PRa — Chris Hadfield (@Cmdr_Hadfield) November 17, 2021 Older photos shared after Hadfield's post on Twitter show normally there is some topsoil transfer, but not to the extent seen in the latest photo. What it normally looks like, for comparison pic.twitter.com/Jtzq1e2ThG — Arctic Vector von Frankenstein (@benkold2015) November 18, 2021 Days of heavy rain drenched the southern half of British Columbia earlier in the week, causing already-swollen rivers to leap their banks. Flooding blocked roads in Metro Vancouver and on Vancouver Island, and the situation was much worse further inland. An entire city was evacuated, as were several communities. Thousands of farm animals are believed to have died as a result of the sudden flooding in Abbotsford, and at least one person died in a mudslide between Pemberton and Lillooet. More deaths are expected to be confirmed as the area is searched. Parts of highways were destroyed by debris that was swept down mountainsides, including the busy Coquihalla Highway, parts of which are now completely gone. And motorists and residents of areas hit by flood or mudslides were trapped, needing rescue by air or water. One provincial official described the storm as the worst the province has seen in a century. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
