https://bc.ctvnews.ca/covid-19-in-b-c-45-more-cases-in-province-s-final-update-of-the-week-1.5503277
B.C. adds 45 COVID-19 cases, rolling average ticks up again in final update of the week | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver B.C. adds 45 COVID-19 cases, rolling average ticks up again in final update of the week Registered nurse Linda Wright speaks to a patient in the COVID-19 Intensive Care Unit at Surrey Memorial Hospital in Surrey, B.C., Friday, June 4, 2021. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jonathan Hayward Vancouver - B.C. health officials reported 45 new cases of COVID-19 and no related deaths in their final pandemic update of the week Friday. There have now been 148,031 cases of the coronavirus in the province since the pandemic began, and there have been 1,760 deaths. There are currently 661 active cases in B.C. That total includes 73 people who are hospitalized, 19 of them in intensive care. The latest infections bring the province's seven-day rolling average for new cases to 42, up one from the previous day. Friday is the fourth day in a row that the rolling average has increased slightly, after months of declines since its peak in April. It remains a tiny fraction of the 1,130 it had reached back then, however. Active cases have also ticked up again, for the third consecutive day. Speaking during a news conference on new visitation rules for long-term care on Thursday, provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry addressed the recent increases to B.C.'s caseload. "What we're not seeing is virus spreading rapidly in the community," Henry said. "We're continuing with our strong public health follow-up of cases to make sure that we're isolating people, that we're not allowing outbreaks and clusters to spread rapidly." Most of the ongoing transmission is being detected in "pockets where we have people who are unimmunized and having contact," she added. Henry's most recent presentation on the province's modelling of the pandemic, delivered on June 10, predicted a modest increase in infections in July and August. The size of the surge would depend on vaccination rates and the degree to which people increased their social contacts, according to the presentation. The written statement on Friday's numbers from B.C.'s Ministry of Health indicates that the total number of cases B.C. has seen includes "a data correction from yesterday" and reflects "reconciliation of records for cases followed up by the federal quarantine program between March and April 2021." The ministry did not explain the corrections in greater detail. According to the ministry, 78.6 per cent of all eligible B.C. residents ages 12 and older have received at least a first dose of a COVID-19 vaccine. A total of 41.3 per cent of people 12 and older are fully vaccinated. B.C. has now administered 5,565,983 doses of Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna and AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccines. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
