https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/b-c-man-finishes-160-km-charity-run-in-honour-of-late-friend-1.5674981
B.C. man finishes 160 km charity run | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement CANADA B.C. man finishes 160 km charity run in honour of late friend Omar Sachedina CTV National News National Affairs Correspondent @omarsachedina Contact Anthony Vasquez-Peddie CTVNews.ca writer Contact Published Saturday, November 20, 2021 10:05PM EST Last Updated Sunday, November 21, 2021 10:30AM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: Josh Sloan was on a mission, and he wasn't about to let a flood slow him down. The 27-year-old from Surrey, B.C., who lives with Down Syndrome, crossed the finish line of a 160 kilometre run for charity Saturday. The journey took him two months, during which he ran about 20 kilometres per week. Sloan recently reached and surpassed his goal of raising $20,000 for the Canadian Cancer Society, which he set back in September as a tribute to his dear friend Debbie Kovacs. Kovacs was Sloan's former special education teacher at Surrey's Simon Cunningham Elementary School. The two remained close after Sloan moved on to high school and into adulthood, up until Kovacs died of cancer six years ago. "Mrs. Debbie Kovacs always loved to run with me. We always started from the school all the way here at Bear Creek," he told CTV National News. "I'm still missing her a lot." Running right alongside Josh on Saturday was the Kovacs family, including Debbie's son Dustin. "She clearly lives on in that young man," he told CTV National News. "Everything she stood for, everything she believed in, everything she tried to impress upon the world lives on in that young man's soul." Donations can be made through his fundraising page on the Canadian Cancer Society website. With files from CTV Vancouver's Ben Nesbit RELATED IMAGES view larger image Surrey, B.C., resident Josh Sloan, centre, completed a 160-kilometre charity run in honour of his late friend. (CTV National News) Related Stories Surrey man runs to honour late friend and teacher, raise thousands for the Canadian Cancer Society Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News MORE NEWS FROM CANADA Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
