https://bc.ctvnews.ca/b-c-parents-urged-to-register-children-now-that-covid-19-vaccine-approved-for-kids-5-11-1.5674607
B.C. parents urged to register children now that COVID-19 vaccine approved for kids 5-11 | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver B.C. parents urged to register children now that COVID-19 vaccine approved for kids 5-11 Provincial Health Officer Dr. Bonnie Henry is seen during a news conference at the B.C. legislature in Victoria, B.C., on Tuesday, Sept. 22, 2020. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Chad Hipolito Victoria - British Columbia's top doctor and health minister are urging parents to register their children now that the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine has been approved in Canada for kids aged five to 11. Dr. Bonnie Henry and Adrian Dix say in a joint statement that they welcome both the Health Canada announcement and recommendations from the National Advisory Committee on Immunization on use of the lower-dose vaccine for those children. More than 75,000 children have already been registered for their vaccine and are on the list to be contacted to book an appointment for their shots. The statement says B.C. will have enough vaccine available for the 360,000 children of that age in the province as soon as possible. The statement says that while children are at a lower risk of severe illness from COVID-19, it can still result in serious outcomes for some, including hospitalizations and long-term symptoms. It says the pandemic has had a tremendous effect on children and families, disrupting school and other events, and the vaccine is another step in allowing kids to go back to important activities. B.C. reported 497 new cases of COVID-19 and three more deaths on Friday, pushing the death toll from the virus to 2,293. The Health Ministry says 3,420 infections are active across the province, including 358 people in hospital, with 109 in intensive care. It says 87 per cent of eligible B.C. residents aged 12 and up have received two doses of COVID-19 vaccine, while nearly 91 per cent have had one. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 19, 2021. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
