https://bc.ctvnews.ca/covid-19-update-b-c-reports-165-cases-no-deaths-1.5461200
B.C. reports 165 COVID-19 cases after officials indicate province on track for Step 2 | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver B.C. reports 165 COVID-19 cases after officials indicate province on track for Step 2 Vancouver - British Columbia added 165 new cases of COVID-19 on Tuesday, continuing a downward trend that's put the province on track to relax more restrictions soon. B.C.'s rolling weekly average for coronavirus cases has dropped to 175 per day, down from a record high of 1,130 back in April – progress that health officials have credited to the province's immunization program. "It is very encouraging to see a steady increase in the number of people in our province who are protected with a COVID-19 vaccine," provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry and B.C. Health Minister Adrian Dix said in a joint written statement. "There is so much to gain from the progress we are making, so let’s keep pushing to get as many people as possible fully vaccinated as soon as we can." Just over 74 per cent of B.C. adults have now received at least one dose of vaccine, as have about 72 per cent of those 12 and older. A total of 3,685,240 doses of the Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna and AstraZeneca vaccines have been administered across the province so far, including 345,508 second doses. The government set a target of getting 65 per cent of adults partially vaccinated before entering Step 2 of B.C.'s restart plan, which includes more intraprovincial travel and bigger outdoor gatherings. But there are other criteria as well, including declining transmission and hospitalizations. The number of people battling COVID-19 in hospital increased slightly on Tuesday to 203, with 57 patients in intensive care. B.C.'s active caseload dropped to 2,051, which is the lowest its been since Oct. 23. On Monday, health officials indicated that B.C. was making the progress necessary to ease more restrictions, which will be happening on June 15 at the earliest. The province has now recorded a total of 145,695 COVID-19 cases and 1,722 related deaths since the start of the pandemic. Officials had no new fatalities to report Tuesday. Of all cases identified so far, some 141,879 – or 97 per cent – have recovered. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
