https://www.ctvnews.ca/climate-and-environment/b-c-officials-warn-of-storm-expected-to-hit-the-province-1.5675070
B.C. officials warn of storm expected to hit the province | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement CLIMATE AND ENVIRONMENT B.C. officials warn of storm expected to hit the province The Canadian Press Staff Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 7:21AM EST Last Updated Sunday, November 21, 2021 7:21AM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: VICTORIA -- Environment Canada is warning that another rain storm is headed for British Columbia's North Coast. The national forecaster says a second atmospheric river will bring heavy rains to the province for a second weekend in a row. More than 100 millimetres of rain are expected for Haida Gwaii, with the storm then expected to move south to already hard-hit regions on Monday and Tuesday. Environment Canada says flooding and landslides could occur in northern B.C. as a result of the heavy rain. Public Safety Minister Mike Farnworth says the government is keeping a close eye on areas that are dealing with flooding. Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun says floodgates at the Barrowtown pump station have been partially opened, allowing water levels in the Sumas Prairie region to drop. Mounties announced yesterday that the bodies of three men had been recovered near Highway 99, bringing the death toll to four. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 21, 2021. RELATED IMAGES view larger image Rising flood water surround a home and cover Highway 1 in Abbotsford, British Columbia on Nov. 16, 2021. (Jonathan Hayward/The Canadian Press via AP) Related Stories Latest on B.C. floods: Premier urges residents to 'do the right thing' and not hoard groceries 'I can't sleep': Survivors of B.C. floods, mudslides recall harrowing escapes B.C. flooding latest: Four people reported missing after mudslides These images show the scale of flooding across B.C. B.C. storm aftermath latest blow to supply chain issues Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More stories from Environment Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert B.C. officials warn of storm expected to hit the province Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Environment Canada working on ranking system for atmospheric rivers, B.C. minister says Can invasive species replace extinct birds? Not quite, scientists say B.C. flood shows how climate change could fuel atmospheric river storms Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement Most-Watched false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 The Climate Barometer Sign up for our weekly email newsletter delving into climate science and life on a changing planet. Canada's Most Trusted News. Download the CTV News app now. Most-Read Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
