https://bc.ctvnews.ca/b-c-adds-663-covid-19-cases-as-average-decreases-for-first-time-in-weeks-1.5555765
B.C. adds 663 COVID-19 cases as average decreases for first time in weeks | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver B.C. adds 663 COVID-19 cases as average decreases for first time in weeks Vancouver - B.C. health officials announced 663 new cases of COVID-19 on Friday, which caused the province's seven-day average to decrease for the first time in several weeks. B.C.'s rolling average for new infections dropped from 556 on Thursday to 549. While the single-day decrease doesn't indicate the province has managed to get case numbers under control, it does mark the first time since July 15 that the average hasn't increased. B.C.'s active caseload and hospitalizations continued to surge on Friday, and officials announced one more death related to the disease. There are now 6,345 active cases across the province, the most there's been since May 4. There are also 129 COVID-19 patients in hospital, the highest number since June 17. Just over 41 per cent of the latest cases came from the Interior Health region, which has been struggling to get transmission under control for weeks. Earlier on Friday, provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry announced that some of the local COVID-19 restrictions that were imposed on the Central Okanagan are being expanded across the entire health authority. She also cast doubt on the likelihood that B.C. will be entering the fourth and final stage of its restart plan in early September, as officials had originally hoped. Henry and Dix stressed the importance of getting fully vaccinated in order to help decrease case numbers and hospitalizations, particularly with the highly contagious Delta variant dominating in the province. B.C. has now administered 7,296,096 doses of the Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna and AstraZeneca vaccines, including enough first doses for 83 per cent of the eligible population age 12 and older. Just over 74 per cent of eligible British Columbians have received both doses. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
