https://backtoschool.ednet.ns.ca/school-exposures
Back to School – Living with COVID-19 Skip to main content State of emergency declared. See Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) updates and check for location, program and service closures, cancellations and changes. Main navigation Home Public Health Guidance Returning to Class for 2021-22 Resources School Exposures Test to Protect Kids EnglishFrançais Back To School – Living With COVID 19 School Exposures COVID-19 Exposures Connected to Public Schools When a connection between a case of COVID-19 and a school is identified, the entire school community is notified. As with any positive case, Public Health will connect with close contacts of the case and advise of next steps. Nova Scotia Health - Contact tracing in schools The chart below lists all schools with at least one COVID-19 exposure for the past 30 days. New school exposures will be added to this webpage by noon the following business day. Current Cases Archive Cape Breton-Victoria Regional Centre for Education School Notification Date Enhanced Public Health Measures (if required) Boularderie Elementary School, Boularderie 05 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Bras D'or Elementary, Bras D'or 02 November 2021 Boularderie Elementary School, Boularderie 01 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Jubilee Elementary, Sydney Mines 01 November 2021 Boularderie Elementary School, Boularderie 31 October 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Dr. T.L. Sullivan School, Florence 31 October 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Boularderie Elementary School, Boularderie 30 October 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Boularderie Elementary School, Boularderie 28 October 2021 Chignecto Central Regional Centre for Education School Notification Date Enhanced Public Health Measures (if required) Cumberland North Academy, Amherst 18 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Oxford Regional Education Centre, Oxford 16 November 2021 Cumberland North Academy, Amherst 15 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Hants East Rural High, Milford 15 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Enfield District School, Enfield 14 November 2021 Hants East Rural High School, Milford 14 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. New Glasgow Academy, New Glasgow 13 November 2021 Oxford Regional Education Centre, Oxford 13 November 2021 Hants East Rural High School, Milford 12 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Hants East Rural High School, Milford 11 November 2021 Cumberland North Academy, Amherst 05 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Cumberland North Academy, Amherst 03 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Springhill Junior-Senior High, Springhill 03 November 2021 Oxford Regional Education Centre, Oxford 02 November 2021 Amherst Regional High School, Amherst 26 October 2021 Cumberland North Academy, Amherst 22 October 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Amherst Regional High School, Amherst 21 October 2021 E.B. Chandler Junior High, Amherst 21 October 2021 E.B. Chandler Junior High, Amherst 20 October 2021 West Highlands Elementary School, Amherst 20 October 2021 Halifax Regional Centre for Education School Notification Date Enhanced Public Health Measures (if required) Chebucto Heights Elementary, Halifax 18 November 2021 Dutch Settlement Elementary, Dutch Settlement 18 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Kingswood Elementary, Hammonds Plains 18 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Basinview Drive Community School, Bedford 17 November 2021 Dutch Settlement Elementary, Dutch Settlement 17 November 2021 Basinview Drive Community School, Bedford 16 November 2021 Chebucto Heights Elementary, Halifax 16 November 2021 Millwood High School, Middle Sackville 16 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Dutch Settlement Elementary, Dutch Settlement 15 November 2021 Grosvenor-Wentworth Park Elementary, Halifax 15 November 2021 Kingswood Elementary, Hammonds Plains 15 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Bedford South School, Bedford 14 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Cunard Junior High, Halifax 14 November 2021 Kingswood Elementary School, Hammonds Plains 14 November 2021 Upper Musquodoboit Consolidated School, Upper Musquodoboit 14 November 2021 Fairview Heights Elementary, Halifax 13 November 2021 Rocky Lake Elementary, Bedford 12 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Basinview Drive Community School, Bedford 11 November 2021 Fairview Junior High, Halifax 11 November 2021 Millwood High School, Middle Sackville 11 November 2021 Burton Ettinger Elementary, Halifax 10 November 2021 The school will be closed to students from November 10 to November 17 to prevent further spread of the virus among the school community. • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Cunard Junior High, Halifax 10 November 2021 Rocky Lake Elementary, Bedford 10 November 2021 Bedford South School, Bedford 09 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Burton Ettinger Elementary, Halifax 08 November 2021 The school will be closed to students from November 10 to November 17 to prevent further spread of the virus among the school community. • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Grosvenor-Wentworth Park Elementary, Halifax 08 November 2021 Rocky Lake Junior High, Bedford 08 November 2021 Bedford South School, Bedford 07 November 2021 Burton Ettinger Elementary, Halifax 07 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Burton Ettinger Elementary, Halifax 05 November 2021 Halifax West High 05 November 2021 Burton Ettinger Elementary, Halifax 04 November 2021 Charles P. Allen High, Bedford 04 November 2021 Oxford School, Halifax 02 November 2021 Fairview Heights Elementary, Halifax 01 November 2021 Fairview Junior High, Halifax 01 November 2021 Kingswood Elementary, Hammonds Plains 01 November 2021 Madeline Symonds Middle School, Hammonds Plains 31 October 2021 St. Stephen's Elementary, Halifax 31 October 2021 Joseph Giles Elementary, Dartmouth 29 October 2021 Westmount Elementary, Halifax 28 October 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Rocky Lake Elementary, Bedford 27 October 2021 Caledonia Junior High, Dartmouth 26 October 2021 Ian Forsyth Elementary, Dartmouth 26 October 2021 Westmount Elementary, Halifax 26 October 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Ian Forsyth Elementary, Dartmouth 24 October 2021 Westmount Elementary, Halifax 24 October 2021 Citadel High, Halifax 22 October 2021 Ian Forsyth Elementary, Dartmouth 22 October 2021 Caledonia Junior High, Dartmouth 20 October 2021 Joesph Howe Elementary, Halifax 20 October 2021 The school will be closed to students from October 19 to October 25 to prevent further spread of the virus among the school community. • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. South Shore Regional Centre for Education School Notification Date Enhanced Public Health Measures (if required) Bayview Community School, Mahone Bay 12 November 2021 Newcombville Elementary School, Newcombville 08 November 2021 • Non-essential visitors, including parents/guardians will not be allowed into the building. This includes the use of our gymnasium by outside groups. • There will be a limit to extra-curricular activities, including field trips. • Movement within the building and among classes will be minimized. • Enhanced cleaning will take place every evening and on the weekend. Footer menu Contact Us Cookies Privacy Terms
