https://barrie.ctvnews.ca/local-news
Barrie News | Local Breaking | CTV News Barrie Skip to Main Content CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Barrie Search X News Video Weather More My News Connect Local Latest News Latest CTV News at 6 CTV News at 11 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Weather Forecast School Bus Cancellations Picture This Weather Watchers Community We're Involved The Pledge Resources Links Content Contests Photo Galleries About Us Bios FAQ Contact Ad sales Contact Us Social Media Facebook Twitter Newsletter Breaking News and Headlines Region Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Advertisement Barrie News | Local Breaking | CTV News Barrie Local News More Local News Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Barrie Police have announced that three people have been taken into custody following a shooting Friday evening that left a 17-year-old teen dead. Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Christmas morning is just over a month away, and for many Ontario families, this weekend marked the official start to the holiday season. Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 While many communities across Central Ontario decided to cancel their annual Santa Claus Parades again, they still found a way to make sure the big man in red could stop by ahead of Christmas day. Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser One town councillor in Innisfil is challenging a counterpart in Bradford West Gwillimbury for who can bring in the most funds for Movember. OPP search for suspects after Thursday shoplifting incident in Gravenhurst Bracebridge OPP are asking for the public's help in identifying two female suspects believed to be connected to a shoplifting incident on Nov. 18. Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch A national campaign is again calling on the public's help to support women of any age in distress. New AED installed in Oro-Medonte The township of Oro-Medonte took a big step this weekend towards helping to prevent future losses of life. Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Health officials in Ontario reported another 741 cases of COVID-19 on Sunday as well as three more deaths related to the disease. Teenager shot and killed in southeast Barrie neighbourhood Friday Barrie Police tell CTV News a 17-year-old male was shot and killed in an incident Friday evening in the southeast part of the city. Attempted murder charge laid following Bradford assault A 22-year-old from Innisfil has been charged with attempted murder following an incident in Bradford Friday. Special weekend Barrie city council meeting focused on cutting costs Barrie city councillors gathered for a special Saturday meeting to discuss ways to curb the city's spending over the coming decade. Friday evening Barrie garage fire leaves $50,000 in damage A Barrie home faces tens of thousands of dollars in damage after a fire in the garage Friday evening. Ontario logs more than 700 new COVID-19 cases for third straight day Ontario is reporting more than 700 new COVID-19 cases on Sunday for the third day in a row. Weekend GO Service interruptions in Barrie Construction projects will be impacting service on the Barrie GO Line this weekend. York Region appoints new medical officer of health Nearly two months after the retirement of the region's former top doc, York Region has appointed a new medical officer of health. Alliston man, 87, charged with multiple sexual assaults spanning 30 years Provincial police charged an Alliston man with sexual assaults spanning 30 years, and investigators think more victims have yet to come forward. Resorts struggle to run at full capacity with worker shortages Fern Resort along the shores of Lake Couchiching in Orillia is operating at about 60 per cent this holiday season because of a staffing shortage. Assault outside Bradford LCBO sends one to hospital, two in custody A 28-year-old man is being treated in the hospital following an assault outside an LCBO in Bradford. Simcoe Muskoka logs 87 new COVID-19 cases, 2 deaths, 24 outbreaks The Simcoe Muskoka District Health Unit reports 87 new COVID-19 cases Friday, plus two virus-related deaths. Murder charge reduced for two men accused in 2019 Barrie stabbing Three men facing charges in connection with the 2019 death of a Barrie man appeared before a judge Friday, where the charges were reduced for two of them. iFrame Element View Full Forecast >> Weather Warning in Effect No watches or warnings in effect. 6 °C Advertisement CTV News Barrie LIVE Closer To Home. Watch CTV News Barrie local news LIVE right here. Important Changes to Channel Access for CTV2 Barrie INTERACTIVE Tracking every case of COVID-19 in Canada Visit CTVNews.ca for an interactive record of the COVID-19 outbreak in Canada. CTV News Video Network false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand false Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show false Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' We're Involved We're Involved Links & Numbers Links and Number Ontario Travel More Links & Numbers AROUND ONTARIO Canadian military set to deploy to Ontario Air Date: April 26, 2021 Video emerges of stunt drivers on Toronto road Air Date: April 4, 2021 'I thought I was gonna die' Air Date: March 24, 2021 Watch: Wayne Gretzky pays tribute to his father Air Date: March 6, 2021 Sudbury: Penpal program creating new pandemic friendships Air Date: November 18, 2020 false We Thank Our Front Line Workers CTV News Barrie and our radio partners pay tribute to everyone on the frontlines. Highlights Connect with CTV Barrie CHANNEL INFORMATION Where to watch CTV Barrie Rogers: Channel 4, 5, 20, HD 595 Bell Express VU: Channel 219, HD 1054 Bell Fibe TV: Channel 202, HD 1202 Shaw Direct: SD 44/346 Digital over the air: Channel 10 Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards and Policies Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Barrie CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Guelph CTV News Kitchener CTV News Lethbridge CTV News London CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Prince Albert CTV News Red Deer CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Vancouver Island CTV News Windsor CTV News Winnipeg CTV News Yorkton CTV Two Atlantic Alberta CTV News Barrie CTV News London Ottawa CTV News Windsor CTV News Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News App Video Help Subscribe to Newsletters Manage Subscriptions View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021 All rights reserved. Back to top
