https://barrie.ctvnews.ca/simcoe-muskoka-covid-19-updates
Barrie COVID-19 News | COVID-19 News | CTV News Barrie Skip to main content Live Search CTV Barrie Close BARRIE Search CTV Barrie Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Photo Galleries Contests Around the Region Simcoe - Muskoka COVID-19 Updates Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at Eleven About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Barrie COVID-19 News | COVID-19 News | CTV News Barrie COVID-19 IN SIMCOE MUSKOKA Simcoe Muskoka logs 87 new COVID-19 cases, 2 deaths, 24 outbreaks The Simcoe Muskoka District Health Unit reports 87 new COVID-19 cases Friday, plus two virus-related deaths. Children 5 to 11 approved to get COVID-19 vaccine as cases surge in Simcoe Muskoka The Simcoe Muskoka District Health Unit can put into motion its plans to vaccinate children aged five to 11 against COVID-19. Simcoe Muskoka logs 52 new COVID-19 cases, schools to send PCR test kits home The Simcoe Muskoka health unit reported a slight drop in COVID-19 cases on Thursday, with 52 new infections. Free PCR testing to soon be offered at select pharmacies Select pharmacies across Ontario will soon offer COVID-19 testing for anyone experiencing symptoms of the virus. SMDHU adds new safety measures as COVID-19 cases surge and death toll climbs The Simcoe Muskoka health unit is implementing new measures to curb the spread of COVID-19 as cases surge, with 76 new infections reported on Wednesday, plus one death. COVID-19 outbreak forces York Simcoe Minor Hockey League to pause upcoming games The under 12 division York Simcoe Minor Hockey League is shutting down for at least two weeks after the health unit declared a COVID-19 outbreak with several high-risk contacts. Simcoe Muskoka logs 42 new COVID-19 cases, 2 deaths, 22 outbreaks Two more Simcoe Muskoka residents have died with COVID-19, as the health unit reports 42 new infections and 22 outbreaks. 'That's where COVID spreads,' Dr. Gandhi on indoor gatherings and surging case counts COVID-19 cases continue to surge across Simcoe Muskoka and the province, which the past president of the Ontario Medical Association attributes to being indoors to avoid the winter conditions. COVID-19 in Ontario Scarborough Islamic school closed after 13 cases of COVID-19 identified Students at an Islamic school in Scarborough will be temporarily dismissed from in-person classes and activities starting on Friday due to a COVID-19 outbreak. Police say they've been inundated with calls from group of Toronto teachers saying vaccine mandates are a crime Toronto police says it’s been inundated with complaints from a group of teachers that argue the requirement to prove vaccination. City's 2022 winter rec program includes expanded list of activities as capacity limits lifted Winter in Toronto is shaping up to be a lot "more fun" this year, with the return of previously cancelled outdoor activities and the easing of capacity limits at outdoor skating rinks, Mayor John Tory says. Ontario reports highest number of COVID-19 cases in nearly two months with 711 infections Ontario is reporting the highest number of new COVID-19 cases in nearly two months with more than 700 infections. Toronto's Pride Parade could be held in-person next year For the first time in two years, Pride Toronto is gearing up for an in-person festival. Ontario to allow symptomatic COVID-19 testing inside pharmacies, sources say Ontario’s Ministry of Health is allowing pharmacies to conduct COVID-19 tests on symptomatic patients for the first time and tests could get underway as soon as this week. LIFE UNMASKED LIFE UNMASKED | Should you get the COVID-19 vaccine while pregnant? Your top questions answered In the season 2 premiere of Life Unmasked, the team speaks with a panel of experts who answer some of the most common questions related to pregnancy and COVID-19, as well as questions from our listeners. Owner of Ontario restaurant that lost liquor licence for not checking vaccine status says she isn't being rebellious The owner of a popular Ontario restaurant that had its liquor licence suspended for not checking vaccination status said she doesn't want to come across as rebellious but believes she has no business asking about her customers' medical information. Mayor hopes to begin 5 to 11-year-old vaccinations by beginning of December Toronto Mayor John Tory says he hopes the city will be able to begin vaccinating five to 11-year-olds against COVID-19 by the beginning of next month. However, the rollout isn't happening as quickly as he would have liked. Coronavirus: What you need to know CORONAVIRUS EXPLAINED Delta doubles hospitalization risk: study Novavax shot 90% effective, study says B.1.617 variant could spark a fourth wave A healthcare worker gets ready to administer a COVID-19 vaccine in Portland, Ore., Sunday, Jan. 10, 2021. (Kristyna Wentz-Graff/Pool Photo via AP) COVID-19 IN CANADA Business leaders demand border plan Pastor arrested after hosting services Alberta launches vaccination lottery People receive their COVID-19 vaccination at the Ontario Food Terminal in Toronto on Tuesday May 11, 2021. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Frank Gunn AROUND THE WORLD Canada donating 13M surplus COVID doses England braces for delay in reopenings Pilot's pre-pandemic note found tucked away People wait to receive vaccine for COVID-19 outside a vaccination centre in Mumbai, India, Thursday, May 13, 2021. (AP Photo/Rajanish Kakade) HOW IT AFFECTS ME What you need to know before you travel Why some plan to keep wearing masks How Canadians feel about a return to work Mother putting a face mask on her daughter. (August de Richelieu/ Pexels) Virus & Vaccine Trackers MORE LOCAL NEWS Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Barrie Police have announced that three people have been taken into custody following a shooting Friday evening that left a 17-year-old teen dead. Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Christmas morning is just over a month away, and for many Ontario families, this weekend marked the official start to the holiday season. Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 While many communities across Central Ontario decided to cancel their annual Santa Claus Parades again, they still found a way to make sure the big man in red could stop by ahead of Christmas day. Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser One town councillor in Innisfil is challenging a counterpart in Bradford West Gwillimbury for who can bring in the most funds for Movember. OPP search for suspects after Thursday shoplifting incident in Gravenhurst Bracebridge OPP are asking for the public's help in identifying two female suspects believed to be connected to a shoplifting incident on Nov. 18. Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch A national campaign is again calling on the public's help to support women of any age in distress. New AED installed in Oro-Medonte The township of Oro-Medonte took a big step this weekend towards helping to prevent future losses of life. Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Health officials in Ontario reported another 741 cases of COVID-19 on Sunday as well as three more deaths related to the disease. Teenager shot and killed in southeast Barrie neighbourhood Friday Barrie Police tell CTV News a 17-year-old male was shot and killed in an incident Friday evening in the southeast part of the city. Top Videos Three arrested after Barrie shooting Barrie council set for 2022 budget talks Christmas tree growers prepare for holiday rush Santa in the sunshine city CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Two of 17 members of a missionary group who were kidnapped more than a month ago have been freed in Haiti and are safe, "in good spirits and being cared for," their Ohio-based church organization announced Sunday. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' All hands are on deck in Abbotsford, B.C. as workers try to close a roughly 100-metre gap in the Sumas River dike. Todd Battis reports. Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Canada gears up for largest mass vaccinations program for children in history. CTV’s Avis Favaro reports. Canada seeks solutions over U.S. trade issues, supply chain The Three Amigos has begun at the White House for the first time in five years. CTV’s Joyce Napier reports. Feds, B.C. announce joint supply chain recover working group There is yet to be any estimates of how much damage to B.C.’s infrastructure will cost. CTV’s Allison Hurst reports. Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai appears at Beijing tournament Missing tennis star Peng Shuai reappeared in public on Nov.20 at a youth tournament in Beijing, according to videos shared on social media. Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
