https://www.bbc.co.uk/opensource/projects/bbc-a11y
BBC Open Source Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC Account Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Arts Taster Local Three Menu Search Search the BBCSearch the BBC Search BBC Search BBC OPEN__SOURCE Menu Menu Home Projects Current Archive bbc-a11y bbc-a11y is a javascript based tool for checking a URL or set of URLs for compliance with the BBC accessibility guidelines. While still a work in progress, it is stable and can be used. Licence Apache 2 Source github.com bbc-a11y bbc-a11y began as an exploration into automating checks for accessibility guideline compliance. a11y is a numerophone for accessibility. Today, bbc-a11y uses gherkin to define what the outcomes of checks should be against examples of code, electron and javascript to fire up a browser to run checks, and offers a complementary manual mode to cover what cannot be automated. bbc-a11y does not have a single team maintaining it, and instead has a group of volunteers from teams using bbc-a11y who maintain and contribute to the code base. Each team using bbc-a11y also has someone who can merge and release reviewed and approved pull requests. The release process includes version and history updates, so these do not need to be included in pull requests. Contribute We'd love for you to get involved. Take a look at the projects here, or head over to Github to start contributing. BBC on Github Get in touch Get in touch if you have any questions about Open Source at the BBC or want to get involved via our Twitter. @BBCOpenSource Join the team Want to join the design & engineering team? Check out the careers page below. BBC Careers Blog Read all about what we are up to over on the Design and Engineering blog. D&E Blog Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Arts Taster Local Three Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised NewslettersCopyright © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
