https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/10628323
BBC News Alerts - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture MenuMore Search Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories More Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads BBC News Alerts Published 31 March 2017 Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing This page explains how the BBC can keep you in touch with the latest news. We offer a daily email and Breaking News alerts via the News website, the News App and Twitter. Subscribe to our email newsletter Sign up here to receive BBC News Daily which is published each weekday morning. You'll receive a digest of the day's top news stories and features from BBC News and some of the best writing from elsewhere on the internet. Breaking News alerts on the News website Whenever you come to the BBC News website on a tablet or computer, you'll get notified of the latest breaking news in the 'breaking news banner' which automatically appears at the bottom of your browser window. The banner will disappear when you click on it, dismiss it or visit another page. Add BBC Breaking News alerts to your News app Push notifications are available to users of smartphones and tablets who download the BBC News App, allowing you to receive breaking news alerts. When a push notification is received it will pop up on your screen similar to a text message, regardless of whether or not the app is open at the time. Depending on your settings the alert may also be accompanied by a sound. Tapping the notification will load the corresponding story in the app when it is available. Full details on how push alerts work are available for iPhone and iPads and Android. You can choose to unsubscribe from push notifications from BBC News in your device's 'Notifications' screen. Subscribe to Twitter alerts On Twitter, we offer a breaking news account which you can follow and receive breaking news alerts as they happen. To subscribe login or register with Twitter and then follow @BBCBreaking. Top Stories Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade Published 6 minutes ago Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe Published 57 minutes ago Water cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium. VideoWater cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium Published 8 hours ago Features UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence Looted art claims pose questions for revamped museum TB Joshua's widow and the battle for his church What went wrong at Man Utd under Solskjaer? The 99-year-old cyclist who has won a world silver medal Why did this mum take her children to the IS capital? The art of a great urban wildlife photo. VideoThe art of a great urban wildlife photo 'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer. Video'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer How one Austrian woman saved 7,700 children from Nazi camps Elsewhere on the BBC 'I feel very cross about it' Joe Lycett uncovers the darker side of his family history Would you buy a house with no doors?! Life in the world's oldest town... Most Read 1Injuries after car ploughs into Wisconsin parade 2Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe 3China tennis star claims to be safe in video call 4Taliban bans women from TV dramas in Afghanistan 5Khashoggi fiancee urges Bieber to cancel Saudi show 6Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle off album pages 7El Salvador plans Bitcoin city at base of volcano 8More protests erupt in Europe over Covid curbs 9Indian billionaires bet big on homegrown couture 10UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
