https://www.facebook.com/BBCFuture/
BBC Future - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press alt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home About Videos Photos Posts Groups Community See more of BBC Future on Facebook Log In orCreate new account See more of BBC Future on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate new account Not now CommunitySee All 953,519 people like this 1,004,636 people follow this AboutSee All Contact BBC Future on Messenger www.bbc.com/future News & Media Website Page TransparencySee more Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. BBC Global News is responsible for this Page. People 953,519 likes Related Pages BBC Science News News & Media Website BBC Stories Media/News Company National Geographic Ocean Nonprofit Organization BBC First TV Channel BBC Witness Media/News Company Guardian Cities Media/News Company Sherlock TV Show Science of Us Science Website Deadly 60 TV Show Torchwood TV Show BBC France Media/News Company BBC Tomorrow's World Science Website Vietnam Travel Tips Interest Chamak Trendy Clothing Store BBC Capital TV Channel BBC Technology News News & Media Website 100 Women News & Media Website Women's Interlink Foundation Charity Organization BBC Shop Gift Shop BBC Travel Local & Travel Website Pages Liked by This Page MIT Technology Review BBCHorizon BBC Travel PagesOtherBrandWebsiteNews & Media WebsiteBBC Future English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Meta © 2021 Videos Follow The Food: Seaweed forests 61 2 The poorly understood power of seaweed 90 6 The poorly understood power of seaweed 117 6 See All Photos See All Posts BBC Future 7 hrs · Nine in 10 Nigerians lack access to non-polluting cooking methods. How can the country change that? Wood-fired stoves have powered Nigerian cooking for time immemorial. But cleaner cooking could go a long way to saving lives, and carbon emissions, in Africa's most populous nation. bbc.com How clean cooking helps the climate Wood-fired stoves have powered Nigerian cooking for time immemorial. But cleaner cooking could go a long way to saving lives, and carbon emissions, in Africa's most populous nation. Wood-fired stoves have powered Nigerian cooking for time immemorial. But cleaner cooking could go a long way to saving lives, and carbon emissions, in Africa's most populous nation. BBC Future 12 hrs · Some of the world’s poorest and lowest carbon-emitting countries are suffering the most from climate change. Some of the world’s poorest and lowest carbon-emitting countries are suffering the most from climate change. Is it time for 'climate justice'? bbc.com The world's fight for 'climate justice' Some of the world’s poorest and lowest carbon-emitting countries are suffering the most from climate change. Is it time for 'climate justice'? Some of the world’s poorest and lowest carbon-emitting countries are suffering the most from climate change. Is it time for 'climate justice'? See All See More
