https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-59362845
Bear shot dead by 70-year-old hunter in France - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture MenuMore Search Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories More Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads World Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East Bear shot dead by 70-year-old hunter in France Published 1 day ago Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing Image source, Getty Images Image caption, A European brown bear roaming the French Pyrenees (file photo) A 70-year-old man has shot dead a brown bear in south-western France after it attacked and injured him while he was out hunting wild boar, officials say. The man reportedly fired two shots with a rifle at the female bear, who was wandering with her cubs at the time, killing the animal instantly. Local media report that the man suffered serious leg injuries and was taken to a hospital in Toulouse. Police are now investigating the Saturday afternoon incident. The man, part of a local hunting association in the Seix region of Ariège, had been bitten by the bear several times, causing damage to the arteries in his legs, police said. AFP news agency reports that a source close to the case said the man was in a serious condition. Police said they responded to an emergency call at about 15:30 local time (14:30 GMT) and when they arrived at the scene, they discovered the dead bear just metres from where the hunter was lying injured. A member of the same hunting association, who was not named, told local news website La Depeche that he heard a call for help on a radio the group uses while hunting, and made his way to the scene of the attack. "One person managed to stop the bleeding until help arrived," he said. A local council official in Ariège, Christine Tequi, said that such attacks were "what we feared". "Today, you can really see that cohabitation is complicated," she told AFP. France began reintroducing brown bears to the Pyrenees after numbers of the animals plummeted in the 1990s. But the move has sparked protests from local farmers who say the bears pose a risk to their livestock. You may be interested in watching: This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Media caption, Watch the moment a brown bear follows a boy, 12, down a mountain in northern Italy Related Topics Bears France Animals More on this story Deadly attacks in European home of the brown bear Published 21 November 2019 EU moves to protect big beasts Published 9 November 2018 Rare brown bear dies in capture operation Published 21 April 2018 Top Stories Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade Published 8 minutes ago Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe Published 1 hour ago Water cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium. VideoWater cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium Published 8 hours ago Features UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence Looted art claims pose questions for revamped museum TB Joshua's widow and the battle for his church What went wrong at Man Utd under Solskjaer? The 99-year-old cyclist who has won a world silver medal Why did this mum take her children to the IS capital? The art of a great urban wildlife photo. VideoThe art of a great urban wildlife photo 'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer. Video'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer How one Austrian woman saved 7,700 children from Nazi camps Elsewhere on the BBC 'I feel very cross about it' Joe Lycett uncovers the darker side of his family history Would you buy a house with no doors?! Life in the world's oldest town... Most Read 1Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade 2Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe 3Taliban bans women from TV dramas in Afghanistan 4Khashoggi fiancee urges Bieber to cancel Saudi show 5China tennis star claims to be safe in video call 6Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle off album pages 7El Salvador plans Bitcoin city at base of volcano 8Indian billionaires bet big on homegrown couture 9UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence 10More protests erupt in Europe over Covid curbs BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
