https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/belarus-pro-democracy-advocate-praises-canada-s-anti-authoritarian-stand-1.5675112
Belarus pro-democracy advocate praises Canada's anti-authoritarian stand | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement CANADA Belarus pro-democracy advocate praises Canada's anti-authoritarian stand Mike Blanchfield The Canadian Press Staff Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 8:52AM EST Belarusian opposition leader Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya attends a demonstration against the Belarus government at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin, Germany, Tuesday, Nov. 9, 2021. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber) Share: Reddit Share Text: OTTAWA -- From the safe confines of Washington, D.C. and his comfortable World Bank job, Valery Kavaleuski was powerless to resist the riptide of democratic reform washing over his homeland of Belarus last summer. Kavaleuski went back to the capital city of Minsk in August 2020, diving headlong into the waves of pro-democracy protests that were providing hope around an unlikely but inspiring new leader, Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya, in the face of a massive government backlash. "I saw the crackdown. I participated in all the marches, in the lines of solidarity and such. And I stayed for a bit longer and then longer and longer. I just didn't want to leave," Kavaleuski recalled in an interview in Ottawa this past week. Kavaleuski -- who once represented Belarus as a diplomat in the United States -- praised Canada, the U.S., the European Union and Britain for their continued backing of the Belarusian democracy movement. "Canada was among the first countries to express support," he said, talking over the bustling clatter of a Thai fast food restaurant near the University of Ottawa. "We've seen a series of practical steps in terms of aid for the civil society, independent media, coordination of the sanctions policy," he added. "I would say this level of engagement is unprecedented." Moments earlier, the trim, silver haired Kavaleuski had emerged from a white sedan that dropped him at the curb of the Canadian headquarters of Amnesty International. He had come from a debriefing at Global Affairs Canada before his scheduled meeting with the rights' watchdog and found time to sit down with The Canadian Press between appointments. He was next slated to attend the Halifax International Security Forum, a global conference of security leaders from democratic governments taking place in Nova Scotia this weekend. Kavaleuski recalled how he took to the Minsk streets in the summer of 2020, joining the thousands of protestors rallying behind Tsikhanouskaya. She was running in place of her husband, whose own campaign to unseat a long-time authoritarian leader was upended after he was jailed by Belarusian authorities. Tsikhanouskaya revitalized the opposition and drew international attention to their fight. But their hopes were dashed when President Alexander Lukashenko won a sixth term in office in the August 2020 election, a landslide that Canada and its Western democratic allies labelled as an act of fraud. Canada joined allies by levelling human rights sanctions against the authoritarian leader and his top associates because of the violence Lukashenko's forces directed at protestors who refused to vacate the streets. Global Affairs said the sanctions came in response to "gross and systematic human rights violations." Former foreign affairs minister Francois-Philippe Champagne was among the first Western politicians to meet with Tsikhanouskaya last October in Lithuania, where she fled for safety after the election. Kavaleuski, meanwhile, joined protesters in their regular Minsk marches until Nov. 22, 2020 when he was tackled to the ground and thrown in jail. He was released several days later after paying a fine of several hundred dollars. In December 2020, Kavaleuski answered the call to join Tsikhanouskaya's exiled democracy movement. He joined her in Lithuania, becoming its de-facto foreign minister in waiting. In the last year, Kavaleuski said Lukashenko's crackdown had swelled the ranks of political prisoners from 15,000 to 37,000. Meanwhile, Lukashenko has sowed mayhem beyond Belarus's borders. He recently allowed thousands of Middle East migrants into the country and directed them towards the borders with Poland, Lithuania and Latvia in what was widely seen as a step to destabilize Europe in retribution for the sanctions. The crisis recently reached a peak with thousands of migrants trapped at the Belarus-Poland border with nowhere to go. "Lukashenko has sent a very clear signal that the border with the EU is open here, you can come here," Kavaleuski said. "He has organized all these supplies of migrants from the Middle East." On Thursday, one day after his meeting at Global Affairs, Canada and its fellow G7 members issued a joint statement blasting Belarus. That was the same day Belarus relented and cleared its border encampments of migrants and as Iraq repatriated hundreds of asylum seekers on a series of flights. "These callous acts are putting peoples' lives at risk. We are united in our solidarity with Poland, as well as with Lithuania and Latvia, which have been targeted by this provocative use of irregular migration as a hybrid tactic," said the G7 statement. "The actions of the Belarusian regime are an attempt to deflect attention from its ongoing disregard for international law, fundamental freedoms and human rights, including those of its own people." The solidarity and support are much appreciated by the people of Belarus, said Kavaleuski, because they have a burning desire to live in a free country like their democratic neighbours throughout Europe. "What's happening in Belarus, it's like black and white. People want democracy and freedom, and there is no geopolitical undertone," Kavaleuski said as he prepared to make his way out of the noisy eatery. "This crisis belongs to everybody. This is not a problem of just Belarusians... because this is part of the story of this global confrontation -- democracy and autocracy." This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 21, 2021. Related Stories Belarus scales up crackdown on independent media Head of group for exiled Belarusians found hanged in Ukraine U.K. 'on your side,' Johnson tells Belarus opposition leader What's happening at the Poland-Belarus border? A quick rundown Poland reports fewer attempts to cross its border with Belarus Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News MORE NEWS FROM CANADA Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
