https://kitchener.ctvnews.ca/boy-who-saved-mother-s-life-takes-part-in-youth-police-training-program-1.5675541
Boy who saved mother’s life takes part in youth police training program | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Kitchener Close KITCHENER Search CTV Kitchener Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Guelph Weather Community Calendar Contests News Links Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Kitchener Boy who saved mother’s life takes part in youth police training program WATERLOO - A group of children from across Waterloo Region had the chance to step into the shoes of a police officer Friday as part of an initiative from the Waterloo Regional Police Service and a community group called 'Kids Take Over'. "I want to be a police officer because they help people," said 7-year-old Jaxon Kgamane. According to Const. Ashley Dietrich with WRPS, the program provides children with a unique opportunity to see what the police service does. The day held special meaning for Jaxon after he sprang into action last year and saved his mother's life. "I became very ill and it was just the two of us at home and in the middle of the night he recognized that I was ill and needed help and so he called for help," said Jaxon’s mom Amanda Grobe. It was almost a week later when she woke up from a coma in the ICU. She had been diagnosed with meningitis. That is when she found out it was her son who made the lifesaving call. "I was just so proud of him," said Grobe. "He just put all of that aside, whatever he was feeling, and he did what he needed to do." Jaxon received the Kindness Award by police for stepping up in a time of crisis. "He'll remember it for forever. A positive end to something that was definitely a challenge," said Grobe. Kitchener Top Stories 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Missing 55-year-old Brantford woman found safe Pedestrian struck and killed by train in Ingersoll Boy who saved mother’s life takes part in youth police training program Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Lions Club's Reverse Santa Claus Parade returns to Kitchener for second straight year Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
