https://ottawa.ctvnews.ca/brockville
Brockville | Local Breaking | CTV News Ottawa Skip to main content Live Search CTV Ottawa Close BROCKVILLE Search CTV Ottawa Close News Latest All Articles Toy Mountain Weather Gas Prices Contests Photo Galleries Recipes Traffic Pop Quiz Community Calendar Fields to Forks Around the Region Kingston News Brockville News Pembroke News Video Latest All Video Weather The Questions with Dean Brown Five & Dine Fields to Forks Marnie's Market Updates Regional Contact CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Personalities Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Brockville | Local Breaking | CTV News Ottawa North Pole Express back on track in Smiths Falls After a one-year hiatus, the North Pole Express was once again chugging along the tracks in Smiths Falls at the Railway Museum of Eastern Ontario on Saturday. Eastern Ontario health units prepare to vaccinate children against COVID-19 The Renfrew County and District Health Unit says parents can begin booking appointments on Tuesday in Renfrew County. City of Brockville, Rotary Club gearing up for holiday events The Brockville Santa Claus Parade is back this year, but with a twist thanks to the Rotary Club of Brockville. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Four people facing drugs, weapons charges after traffic stop in Cornwall, Ont. Cornwall police responded to reports Wednesday morning of an armed man seen in the area of Cumberland Street and Elm Street. Scrapping of PCR test for short cross-border trips welcome news in border towns Residents in Ontario border towns, like Prescott, are happy to hear the federal government will soon scrap the required PCR tests for short trips to the United States. Petition to reunite Brockville refugee with her family reaches 10,000 signatures A woman who arrived in Brockville in 2019 as a refugee from Uganda has been waiting more than two years for her husband and daughter to join her. 'Romance scam' fraudster had more than 20 victims: Ontario police A two-year police investigation that started with a Prescott, Ont. woman reporting a romance fraud has ended with dozens of charges against a 35-year-old man. No one injured after car fire on Highway 416 south of Kemptville, Ont. Ontario Provincial Police say no one was hurt after a car caught fire on Highway 416 Sunday afternoon. Two arrested in 2020 death of Brockville, Ont. man Ontario Provincial Police say two people have been arrested and charged following a year-long investigation into the death of a man from the Brockville area. Brockville, Ont. woman says hypnosis helped her panic attacks and anxiety Brockville, Ont. resident Paula Fairfield says she's been able to regain control of her life and finally go back to work, suffering from agoraphobia for almost 30 years. Brockville Rifles stand in solidarity with Royal Brock residents for Remembrance Day ceremony While the city of Brockville held a small Remembrance Day ceremony downtown on Thursday, another ceremony also took place at Royal Brock Retirement Living in the city's centre. Veterans honoured with hand-made poppy display in Kemptville, Ont. In what is becoming a yearly tradition, the Poppy Project in Kemptville is honouring Canada's veterans for the next six days. Ottawa man finally picks up 40 packages stuck in the U.S. since 2019 With land borders now reopened, Canadian residents can finally cross over to pick up packages sitting in border towns like Ogdensburg, N.Y. Brockville Top Videos North Pole Express returns to Smiths Falls Brockville's Santa Parade returns with a twist PCR test won’t be needed for short cross-border trips Somalian refugee hoping to be reunited with family Brockville's moving tribute outside home Stories by region KINGSTON Santa Claus returns to Kingston in first parade during COVID-19 pandemic After a year-long hiatus during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Nighttime Santa Claus Parade officially made its return to Kingston, Ont. Eastern Ontario health units prepare to vaccinate children against COVID-19 The Renfrew County and District Health Unit says parents can begin booking appointments on Tuesday in Renfrew County. Kingston, Ont. shines on the big screen With the Mayor of Kingstown premiering on Paramount+ this week, it’s shining a spotlight on the city of Kingston, Ont. Kingston police searching for dangerous driver Police in Kingston are searching for a man they say has been involved in nine separate dangerous driving incidents. Several Lexus vehicles stolen from Kingston, Ont. driveways Police in Kingston, Ont. are searching for suspects after several Lexus vehicles were stolen from owners’ driveways on Friday. Pembroke 'They're afraid of dying alone': Petawawa, Ont. senior shares story of loneliness A Petawawa, Ont. senior is sharing his story of isolation and loneliness with the hope of igniting a conversation about the lives of senior citizens in Canada. Renfrew County opening appointments to vaccinate kids 5 to 11 on Tuesday The Renfrew County and District Health Unit says it will begin booking appointments for COVID-19 vaccines for children aged five to 11 starting Tuesday morning. Eastern Ontario pharmacies to offer COVID-19 testing to symptomatic customers Hundreds of pharmacies across Ontario will now be able to offer COVID testing to people showing symptoms of the virus. Eastern Ontario health units prepare to vaccinate children against COVID-19 The Renfrew County and District Health Unit says parents can begin booking appointments on Tuesday in Renfrew County. Renfrew County health unit issues new directive for household contacts of positive COVID-19 cases The Renfrew County and District Health Unit says medical officer of health Dr. Robert Cushman has issued a Section 22 Class Order for household contacts of individuals who have tested positive for COVID-19. LISTEN LIVE STAY CONNECTED CTV News Ottawa Top Stories Phase 2 LRT construction creating accessibility issues for Carlingwood residents The major project will transform current public transit options for Carlingwood residents but until then some say it’s creating accessibility issues for pedestrians. Sixteen Ottawa elementary schools have COVID-19 outbreaks As doses of the children's COVID-19 vaccine arrive in Canada, cases among kids in Ottawa continue to climb, with more than a dozen schools experiencing outbreaks. OPH reports 55 new COVID-19 cases, 1 new hospitalization, 0 new deaths Ottawa Public Health is reporting another 55 COVID-19 cases in Ottawa, the highest daily case count since Oct. 10. Children receive first doses of the COVID-19 vaccine and the Senators return to the ice: Five stories to watch in Ottawa this week CTVNewsOttawa.ca looks at five stories to watch in Ottawa this week. Montreal defeats Carleton Ravens to win U Sports men's soccer championship The Universite de Montreal Carabins defeated the Ravens 5-4 in penalty kicks at the Ravens' Perch Sunday afternoon, claiming the U Sports national championship. Nine unique places to stay within two hours of Ottawa this winter CTVNewsOttawa.ca looks at some unique destinations to stay at this winter within two hours of the national capital region. Ottawa Public Health will start vaccinating children against COVID-19 on Friday Ottawa Public Health is preparing to begin administering COVID-19 vaccines to 77,000 children following Health Canada's approval of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine for children on Friday. Ottawa police issue 13 tickets for speeding, stunt driving in Barrhaven and Riverside South A driver is facing a charge of stunt driving after being stopped going 68 km/h over the speed limit in Ottawa's south end this weekend Ottawa police arrest suspect breaking into vehicles in Lincoln Heights overnight Ottawa police say residents called 911 at approximately 4 a.m. Sunday reporting someone breaking into vehicles on Don Street. Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Toronto Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Northern Ontario Winter conditions close multiple major highways and several weather alerts issued Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay London BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen Kitchener 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Winnipeg Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Regina Preparations underway for 50th Canadian Western Agribition CTV News Regina: Here's what's making headlines this Sunday John Paddock returns to the Pats bench, leads team to 4-2 victory Saskatoon 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama Vancouver Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
