https://northernontario.ctvnews.ca/bruce-mines-alpaca-farm-under-new-management-1.5675403
Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Northern Ontario Close NORTHERN ONTARIO Search CTV Northern Ontario Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Northern COVID-19 News Northern Mining News Northern Federal Election Coverage Around the Region North Bay News Sault Ste. Marie News Sudbury News Timmins News Video Latest All Video CTV News Live OHL FILE Online Exclusive Video Help Northern Ontario Features Along for the Ride with CAA Ask An Expert Community Futures Northeastern Ontario Explore the Outdoors Fields to Forks Gardening Northern Artists Perform Pet Care Volunteer of the Month Shows News Programs CTV news at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Instagram Twitter Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Northern Ontario Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management The Veermans - Patrick, Terri, Jayda, and Gabby - are the proud owners of the popular tourist attraction, the Meadowview Alpaca Farm. Their journey from London, Ont. to Bruce Mines began as just passing through. Nov.21/21 (Mike McDonald/CTV News Northern Ontario) BRUCE MINES - For nearly 20 years, Meadowview Alpaca Farm in Bruce Mines was under the watchful eye of Robert and Denise Martel. Now, the farm is under the care of a family from southern Ontario after purchasing it in October. The Veermans - Patrick, Terri, Jayda, and Gabby - are the proud owners of the popular tourist attraction. Their journey from London, Ont. to Bruce Mines began as just passing through. "While I was at work, (Terri) sent me a link to an MLS and said, 'Hey, what about an alpaca farm?' says Patrick. "And I just kind of laughed and said, 'You're funny.'" However, once the idea was planted, Patrick says it began to grow. "The more we got thinking about it the more we thought maybe moving a little bit north is not a bad idea," he says. The Veermans arrived in Bruce Mines last month, and they say they've been on the go ever since. "The community is great (and) we're looking forward to meeting more people," says Terri Veerman. "It's been pretty hands-on here. We haven't had a chance to get out and meet a lot of people, but we're at the markets and meeting people there. So that's been fun." Terri and Patrick say their daughters, Jayda and Gabby, have already taken to the alpacas. While there are parts of their old lives in London that they miss, the Veermans say they're happy with their decision to move. "Having a lot of land and being able to just walk down to the lake and not have to drive anywhere," Jayda says, while Gabby adds she loves hanging out with the Alpacas. The Veermans say they intend to maintain Meadowview Alpaca Farm as an all-season operation, and that tours can be arranged throughout the winter. Top Stories Winter conditions close multiple major highways and several weather alerts issued Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Potential public exposures to COVID-19 reported on Temiskaming Transit routes PHU declares COVID-19 outbreak at Pope Francis Elementary School in Timmins Rooster among record number of animals at Sault Ste. Marie Humane Society Sudbury’s Salvation Army launches 'Christmas Kettle' campaign Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
