https://montreal.ctvnews.ca/business
Business | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live Search CTV Montreal Close MONTREAL Search CTV Montreal Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Business | CTV News Montreal Business Quebec company recycles Styrofoam with $7-million loan from government A Quebec-based company believes it's found a way to recycle Styrofoam, and the provincial government is betting big on the project, by offering up a $7-million loan on Friday. More Stories Quebec cannabis society posts 25.4 per cent increase in second quarter The Quebec cannabis society (SQDC) posted net earnings of $19 million for its second quarter on Friday, up 25.4 percent from the same period last year, which it attributed in part to the expansion of its branch network. Air Canada withdraws from federal aid deal as financial position improves Air Canada says it is withdrawing from further federal government financial support as its financial position has improved. 55 electric school buses set to hit streets of Montreal and Laval Lion Electric Co. says Groupe Autobus Seguin has ordered 55 electric school buses to be delivered by 2025. Metro reports $194M Q4 profit up from $186.5M a year ago, sales edge lower Metro Inc. reported its fourth-quarter profit rose compared with a year ago as its sales edged lower. Ubisoft set to open a new studio in Sherbrooke, Que. Ubisoft will have a new home in Sherbrooke. The video game developer will set up its fourth Quebec studio in the Eastern Townships city, the French company announced Tuesday. Surprise! Hundreds of SAQ workers hold unannounced strike Tuesday More than 700 SAQ warehouse and delivery workers held a surprise strike Tuesday morning that their union says will last 24 hours. Desjardins Group reports an 11.9 per cent increase in surplus earnings for its third quarter Desjardins Group posted third-quarter surplus earnings before patronage dividends on Friday, up 11.9 per cent from the same period last year, as well as a 13.1 per cent increase in operating revenues. Economic recovery benefits Hydro-Québec for the third quarter of 2021 With the economic recovery in full swing, Hydro-Quebec is posting improved results for its third quarter of fiscal 2021. Quebec company Boralex seeks major 800-megawatt contract in New York Boralex has submitted its bid for an 800-megawatt (MW) solar power contract in New York State, the company confirmed Friday. CAE stock plunges as profits fall below expectations amid sputtering airline recovery CAE Inc. shares dropped 10 per cent Thursday as earnings fell far short of expectations despite a big bump in revenue and profit. Cascades reports Q3 profit down from year ago, revenue edged higher Cascades Inc. reported a third-quarter profit of $32 million, down $49 million a year ago, as its sales edged higher. Dorel warns of challenges ahead from supply disruptions after swinging to Q3 loss Dorel Industries Inc. is warning that supply chain disruptions that are worse than previously thought will hamper its fourth-quarter results after contributing to a US$37-million loss in its latest quarter. Top Videos Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' Market Data Latest Videos Marijuana Stocks FILE - This Sept. 11, 2018, file photo, shows a marijuana plant at in the coastal mountain range of San Luis Obispo, Calif. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo signed a bill Monday, July 29, 2019 that softens penalties for possessing small amounts of marijuana and allows for the expungement of some past convictions. (AP Photo/Richard Vogel, File) BNN Bloomberg: Top Picks FINANCES DURING COVID-19 Documents show impact of federal pandemic-era benefits on seniors, families Internal government documents are providing the clearest picture yet of the impact that emergency aid is having on federal support to low-income seniors and families. Criminal entities defrauded COVID-19 benefit programs: intelligence reports Canada's financial intelligence branch says various criminal entities have engaged in scams to access government pandemic aid in the first several months of the benefits' launch. Two-thirds of Canadians want pandemic aid lowered or to end: Nanos Two-thirds of Canadians say the federal government's pandemic-related benefits should either be lowered or completely end, according to a new survey by Nanos Research. 'Hassle cost' of COVID-19 test may dissuade shoppers from crossing Canada-U.S. border, expert says The cost of a PCR test for COVID-19 may make cross-border shopping less appealing for some Canadians, one expert says. Buy holiday gifts earlier than usual or face empty shelves, retailers warn Because of supply-chain woes, retailers and toy experts are warning Christmas shoppers to buy earlier than usual or they’ll face empty shelves this holiday season. Airlines restoring capacity in bid for recovery from worst health crisis in history Airlines are adding flights and capacity in the hope that passengers are eager to jump back onto flights after more than 18 long months of the COVID-19 pandemic. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Questions to ask yourself, and then act on, to improve your financial position November is financial literacy month and CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid offers tip on figuring out just how financially fit you are, in her column on CTVNews.ca. Expect mortgage rates to rise in 2022, economists say Economists predict the Bank of Canada’s interest rate could increase by 50 to 75 basis points by the end of next year, something they say will undoubtedly also raise Canadian mortgage rates. From Pattie Lovett-Reid, Chief Financial Commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid: Key questions to ask before investing in cryptocurrency CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid says whether it is too late to invest in Bitcoin is one of the questions she is most frequently asked. See her response on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Why reverse mortgages are something to consider, not fear In her column for CTVNews.ca, financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid discusses reverse mortgages and how they could be a financial lifeline for those struggling to make ends meet and have a lot of equity tied up in their home. Pattie Lovett-Reid: How to be 'smart' with your money in your 30s If you're in your 30s, then it's time for you to have a financial plan and start putting some money aside, writes CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Questions to ask yourself, and then act on, to improve your financial position November is financial literacy month and CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid offers tip on figuring out just how financially fit you are, in her column on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: The perfect storm is brewing for cash-strapped Canadians With inflation soaring, some economists are predicting that interest rate increases won't be far behind. CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid looks at what that means for your finances in her latest column on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Lessons learned from Squid Game There are money lessons to be learned for Canadians from the hit Netflix survival drama 'Squid Game', CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid writes in her latest column on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Talking about finances may not be romantic, but is necessary Having a clear and honest discussion about your financial situation and money mindset before you walk down the isle just seems to make sense, but it isn't always easy, CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid writes in her latest column on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: How to talk to your children about finances It's important to start talking to your children about finances as early as possible, CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid shares how to broach the topic in her latest column on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Why it may not be the right time to ask for a raise In today's environment, is it a good idea to ask for a raise? CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid tells potential raise seekers what to do, and what not to do, in her latest column on CTVNews.ca. CTVNewsMontreal.ca Top Stories Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Montrealers from different faiths and backgrounds gather to denounce hate crimes Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes The Halifax Regional Municipality's Emergency Management Division is closely monitoring the weather forecast as a series of low pressure systems make their way towards the Maritimes. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. One man is dead and another is in critical condition after a fire at a restaurant in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert The City of Chilliwack says the breach in the Sumas River dike in Abbotsford has been repaired, and that it's able to lift an evacuation alert for Chilliwack residents near the Abbotsford border as a result. World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco About 80 people, some wearing ski masks and wielding crowbars, ransacked a high-end department store in the San Francisco Bay Area, assaulting employees and stealing merchandise before fleeing in cars waiting outside. Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Two onetime outsiders hailing from opposite extremes of the political spectrum received the most votes Sunday in Chile's presidential election but failed to garner enough support for an outright win, setting up what's likely to be a polarizing runoff in the region's most advanced economy. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki warned on Sunday that the migrant crisis on the Belarus border may be a prelude to 'something much worse.' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive A taxi driver injured when his passenger's homemade bomb exploded in Liverpool a week ago said it's a 'miracle' he is alive. Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Cannabis Seth Rogen's cannabis company Houseplant and Canopy Growth announce partnership end Pfizer claims 3rd dose 'strongly' boosts protection against Delta variant Case involving former CannTrust leaders remanded until Sept. 20 Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
