https://www.ctvnews.ca/business
Business News | CTV News | Market Watch Skip to main content Live Search CTV News Close Search CTV News Close NEWS Coronavirus Canada Residential Schools World Entertainment Politics Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Business Weather 5 Things to Know Don Martin Blog Autos W5 Photo Galleries Newsletters VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 Pop Life LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Pop Life Schedule ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Business News | CTV News | Market Watch Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. More Stories Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. India police charge Amazon execs in alleged marijuana-smuggling case Indian police say they have charged senior executives of Amazon's local unit under narcotics laws in a case of alleged marijuana smuggling via the online retailer. Price wars, budget options coming to Canada's airline market amid pandemic recovery Canada has so far been a difficult place for budget airlines to thrive, but that appears to be changing, thanks mainly to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. China fines tech giants over anti-monopoly violations Chinese tech giants including Alibaba Group and Tencent Holdings were fined Saturday for failing to report corporate acquisitions, adding to an anti-monopoly crackdown by the ruling Communist Party. 'They're bloodsuckers': Montreal man says he lost nearly $400,000 in cryptocurrency scam After losing nearly $400,000 in a romance cryptocurrency scam that started on Facebook Dating, a Montreal resident is warning others to avoid making the same mistake he did. Statistics Canada says retail sales fell 0.6 per cent in September to $56.6B Canadian retail sales fell 0.6 per cent to $56.6 billion in September as sales of new cars slowed amid limited supply due to the shortages of semiconductor chips that have hurt production in the auto industry. European COVID-19 lockdowns rattle S&P/TSX composite as energy, materials falter New European COVID-19 lockdowns rattled investors to end the week as Canada's main stock index fell with commodities faltering on worries about the impact on demand. Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch The company behind the push to build Canada's first commercial spaceport, to be located on the tip of northeastern Nova Scotia, announced on Friday the first payload client for its initial rocket launch, which it expects near the end of 2023. Elizabeth Holmes takes the stand in her criminal fraud trial Fallen Silicon Valley star Elizabeth Holmes, accused of bamboozling investors and patients into believing that her startup Theranos had developed a blood-testing device that would reshape health care, took the witness stand Friday in her trial for criminal fraud. Air Canada withdraws from federal aid deal as financial position improves Air Canada says it is withdrawing from further federal government financial support as its financial position has improved. Air Transat and WestJet sign codeshare deal for transatlantic travel Air Transat and WestJet have agreed to co-operate on a codeshare agreement for transatlantic travel. Top Videos Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' BNN Bloomberg RADIO REAL ESTATE What housing market conditions mean for homebuyers right now The number of homes sold in Canada, as well as their prices, are on the rise. CTVNews.ca spoke with housing and economy experts to break down what this means for residents in different parts of the country. Month-over-month homes sales see biggest increase since July 2020: CREA The Canadian Real Estate Association says home home sales across the country saw their largest month-over-month increase since July 2020 in October, even as new listings fell by about 20 per cent from a year ago. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Why reverse mortgages are something to consider, not fear In her column for CTVNews.ca, financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid discusses reverse mortgages and how they could be a financial lifeline for those struggling to make ends meet and have a lot of equity tied up in their home. CMHC has projects underway to help build greener housing in Canada The chief climate officer for Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. says the federal agency has 'lots underway' to encourage the construction of more sustainable housing. Mortgage pre-approvals, holds surge as economists foresee rate hikes Canadians are scrambling to get mortgage pre-approvals and rate holds as economists predict the pandemic-long stretch of low interest rates will soon end. Bank of Canada governor says inflation 'transitory but not short-lived' Bank of Canada governor Tiff Macklem says inflation may be around longer than anticipated. 'I think transitory to economists, means sort of not permanent,' said Macklem in an interview with CTV’s Question Period with Evan Solomon, airing Sunday. Northern Ont. town booming after offering plots of land for $500 The Northern Ontario town of Smooth Rock Falls has seen a surge of new residents after it began offering plots of land for $500 in 2017. Expect mortgage rates to rise in 2022, economists say Economists predict the Bank of Canada’s interest rate could increase by 50 to 75 basis points by the end of next year, something they say will undoubtedly also raise Canadian mortgage rates. FINANCES DURING COVID-19 Documents show impact of federal pandemic-era benefits on seniors, families Internal government documents are providing the clearest picture yet of the impact that emergency aid is having on federal support to low-income seniors and families. Criminal entities defrauded COVID-19 benefit programs: intelligence reports Canada's financial intelligence branch says various criminal entities have engaged in scams to access government pandemic aid in the first several months of the benefits' launch. Two-thirds of Canadians want pandemic aid lowered or to end: Nanos Two-thirds of Canadians say the federal government's pandemic-related benefits should either be lowered or completely end, according to a new survey by Nanos Research. 'Hassle cost' of COVID-19 test may dissuade shoppers from crossing Canada-U.S. border, expert says The cost of a PCR test for COVID-19 may make cross-border shopping less appealing for some Canadians, one expert says. Buy holiday gifts earlier than usual or face empty shelves, retailers warn Because of supply-chain woes, retailers and toy experts are warning Christmas shoppers to buy earlier than usual or they’ll face empty shelves this holiday season. Airlines restoring capacity in bid for recovery from worst health crisis in history Airlines are adding flights and capacity in the hope that passengers are eager to jump back onto flights after more than 18 long months of the COVID-19 pandemic. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Questions to ask yourself, and then act on, to improve your financial position November is financial literacy month and CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid offers tip on figuring out just how financially fit you are, in her column on CTVNews.ca. Expect mortgage rates to rise in 2022, economists say Economists predict the Bank of Canada’s interest rate could increase by 50 to 75 basis points by the end of next year, something they say will undoubtedly also raise Canadian mortgage rates. From Pattie Lovett-Reid, Chief Financial Commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid: Key questions to ask before investing in cryptocurrency CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid says whether it is too late to invest in Bitcoin is one of the questions she is most frequently asked. See her response on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Why reverse mortgages are something to consider, not fear In her column for CTVNews.ca, financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid discusses reverse mortgages and how they could be a financial lifeline for those struggling to make ends meet and have a lot of equity tied up in their home. Pattie Lovett-Reid: How to be 'smart' with your money in your 30s If you're in your 30s, then it's time for you to have a financial plan and start putting some money aside, writes CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Questions to ask yourself, and then act on, to improve your financial position November is financial literacy month and CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid offers tip on figuring out just how financially fit you are, in her column on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: The perfect storm is brewing for cash-strapped Canadians With inflation soaring, some economists are predicting that interest rate increases won't be far behind. CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid looks at what that means for your finances in her latest column on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Lessons learned from Squid Game There are money lessons to be learned for Canadians from the hit Netflix survival drama 'Squid Game', CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid writes in her latest column on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Talking about finances may not be romantic, but is necessary Having a clear and honest discussion about your financial situation and money mindset before you walk down the isle just seems to make sense, but it isn't always easy, CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid writes in her latest column on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: How to talk to your children about finances It's important to start talking to your children about finances as early as possible, CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid shares how to broach the topic in her latest column on CTVNews.ca. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Why it may not be the right time to ask for a raise In today's environment, is it a good idea to ask for a raise? CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid tells potential raise seekers what to do, and what not to do, in her latest column on CTVNews.ca. BNN Bloomberg features Market Data Latest Videos Marijuana Stocks FILE - This Sept. 11, 2018, file photo, shows a marijuana plant at in the coastal mountain range of San Luis Obispo, Calif. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo signed a bill Monday, July 29, 2019 that softens penalties for possessing small amounts of marijuana and allows for the expungement of some past convictions. (AP Photo/Richard Vogel, File) BNN Bloomberg: Top Picks Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes The Halifax Regional Municipality's Emergency Management Division is closely monitoring the weather forecast as a series of low pressure systems make their way towards the Maritimes. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. One man is dead and another is in critical condition after a fire at a restaurant in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert The City of Chilliwack says the breach in the Sumas River dike in Abbotsford has been repaired, and that it's able to lift an evacuation alert for Chilliwack residents near the Abbotsford border as a result. World More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco About 80 people, some wearing ski masks and wielding crowbars, ransacked a high-end department store in the San Francisco Bay Area, assaulting employees and stealing merchandise before fleeing in cars waiting outside. Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Two onetime outsiders hailing from opposite extremes of the political spectrum received the most votes Sunday in Chile's presidential election but failed to garner enough support for an outright win, setting up what's likely to be a polarizing runoff in the region's most advanced economy. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki warned on Sunday that the migrant crisis on the Belarus border may be a prelude to 'something much worse.' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive A taxi driver injured when his passenger's homemade bomb exploded in Liverpool a week ago said it's a 'miracle' he is alive. Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Simu Liu hosted 'Saturday Night Live' for the first time over the weekend. Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 The actor Art LaFleur -- known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams' -- has died at the age of 78. Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees When it comes to her art, Adele has a certain way she likes things to be done. Following the release of her fourth album '30,' the shuffle button is no longer the default option for album listening on Spotify -- but rather listeners will hear the tracks in their listed order. Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll The British government is investigating whether built-in racial bias in some medical devices led to Black and Asian people getting sick and dying disproportionately from COVID-19. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Two months after the 2021 federal election, the 44th Parliament officially begins on Monday, a speech from the throne on Tuesday. The first few days will include a heavy dose of procedure, but also a series of key decisions. One big difference this time around is the vaccine mandate. How will it all work? Here's a rundown of some of the key elements involved in the opening of the new Parliament. Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Federal employment Minister Carla Qualtrough says British Columbians displaced or left jobless due to extreme flooding should immediately apply for employment insurance benefits - even if they wouldn't normally be eligible. Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Concern over the vaccination status of Conservative MPs was front and centre on the eve of a new session of Parliament after one of them tested positive for COVID-19. Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling WhatsApp is adding more details to its privacy policy and flagging that information for European users, after Irish regulators slapped the chat service with a record fine for breaching strict EU data privacy rules. Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Researchers have confirmed the presence of carbon dioxide ‘cold traps’ on the moon, an important discovery that is integral to potential long-term robot or human presence there, they say Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
