https://calgary.ctvnews.ca/flames-spoil-opening-of-islanders-new-arena-with-5-2-win-1.5675015
Calgary Flames spoil home opener at New York Islanders' new arena with 5-2 win | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Calgary Close CALGARY Search CTV Calgary Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Lethbridge Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Calgary Flames spoil opening of Islanders' new arena with 5-2 win Calgary Flames left wing Andrew Mangiapane (88) reacts after scoring a goal in the second period of an NHL hockey game past New York Islanders goaltender Semyon Varlamov (40), Saturday, Nov. 20, 2021, in Elmont, N.Y. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger) NEW YORK - Andrew Mangiapane scored two power-play goals to help the Calgary Flames spoil the Islanders' debut of their new home arena next to Belmont Park, beating New York 5-2 on Saturday night. Brad Richardson, Trevor Lewis and Johnny Gaudreau also scored, and Noah Hanafin had two assists to help Calgary extend its point streak to five games (3-0-2). Jacob Markstrom stopped 34 shots. Brock Nelson scored twice for the short-handed Islanders, who were missing seven players and lost their fifth straight. It marked New York's longest losing streak in regulation in four seasons under Coach Barry Trotz. Semyon Varlamov had 26 saves to fall to 0-3-0 with a 3.31 goals-against average this season. The Islanders were without six players - captain Anders Lee, forwards Josh Bailey, Ross Johnston and Anthony Beauvillier, and defensemen Adam Pelech and Andy Greene - due to COVID-19 protocols. Defenseman Ryan Pulock is out for 4-6 weeks due to a lower body injury. Richardson scored for the Flames 4:05 into the game, taking a turnover by the Islanders in their defensive zone. Matt Martin's backward pass was picked up by Richardson, who skated in and beat Varlamov on the blocker side for his second. It quieted the sellout crowd of 17,255 that had roared during pregame introductions that included Islanders greats Denis Potvin, Clark Gillies, John Tonelli, Butch Goring, Ken Morrow and Bob Nystrom. Mangiapane made it 2-0 with 6:32 left as he deflected Noah Hanafin's point shot in the left circle past Varlamov. With the Islanders on their fourth power play of the opening period, Nelson got them on the scoreboard with their first goal in the new building with 22.8 seconds left. He immediately raised his hands to celebrate, but officials told them to play on. When time ran out, the play was reviewed and the officials determined the puck hit the camera in the back of the net and came back out, giving Nelson his eighth of the season. It was New York's fifth power-play goal of the season. The Islanders were 0 for 12 on the power play over their previous six games. Mangiapane pushed Calgary's lead to 3-1 with his second power-play goal of the night as he deflected Hanafin's shot past Varlamov at 6:43 of the second. It was Mangiapane's 14th of the season and seventh on the power play. He scored two goals for the second straight game, and has seven in the last seven games. Nelson got his second of the night and team-high ninth of the season to pull the Islanders within a goal, 3-2, at 1:49 of the third period. Oliver Wahlstrom had the puck in the left corner and as he moved toward the net, Flames defenseman Tyler Pitlick knocked the puck away but it came to Nelson on the right side and he tapped it past Markstrom. The Islanders pulled Varlamov for an extra skater with just under 2 minutes remaining, but Lewis scored an empty-netter with 1:15 left to seal Calgary's win. Gaudreau added another empty-netter with 38 seconds to go for his seventh. BEEN A LONG TIME The Islanders and Flames met for the first time since Feb. 19, 2019 - 999 days ago. The Islanders were in Calgary when the season was paused due to the coronavirus pandemic. The game on March 12, 2020, was the first game canceled for both teams. The NHL had a shortened, division-only schedule last season to cut down on travel. This report by the Associated Press was first published Nov.20, 2021 Calgary Top Stories Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Ethiopian-Canadians rally outside U.S. consulate in Calgary Calgary's Filipino community to gather in support of presidential candidate 1 injured in southwest Calgary house fire Certain white sesame seed and pistachio products recalled for potential Salmonella contamination 'Sign of the strength': Kenney talks about future of the Alberta UCP Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
