https://calgary.ctvnews.ca/
Calgary News | Local Breaking | CTV News Calgary Skip to main content Live Search CTV Calgary Close CALGARY Search CTV Calgary Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Lethbridge Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Calgary News | Local Breaking | CTV News Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides One of the victims of a deadly mudslide in British Columbia last week has been identified as Steven Taylor, a former Calgarian who was devoted to his family and passionate about sports. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Fire crews are at the scene after a blaze destroyed two homes in the southwest community of Coach Hill. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Ethiopian-Canadians rally outside U.S. consulate in Calgary Nearly 200 Ethiopian-Canadians protested outside the U.S. consulate in downtown Calgary on Sunday. Calgary's Filipino community to gather in support of presidential candidate Calgary residents who are behind the election campaign of a candidate for next year's Philippine election held a demonstration on Sunday. 1 injured in southwest Calgary house fire Officials are still working to determine the cause of a fire that sent one person to hospital Saturday evening. Certain white sesame seed and pistachio products recalled for potential Salmonella contamination A series of sesame seed and pistachio products sold in Alberta have been recalled due to possible Salmonella contamination. 'Sign of the strength': Kenney talks about future of the Alberta UCP Premier Jason Kenney, leader of the UCP, took the stage at the party's annual general meeting, which is being held in-person at Calgary's Grey Eagle Casino. B.C. highway crash involving bus leaves 1 dead, 13 injured The RCMP say one person is dead and 12 others injured after a semi-trailer truck collided with a passenger bus in northeastern B.C. Saturday afternoon. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. Do you know this woman? RCMP seek information after body found Authorities in southern Alberta are looking for help from the public to identify a woman whose remains were found in a rural area near Pincher Creek. Flames spoil opening of Islanders' new arena with 5-2 win Andrew Mangiapane scored two power-play goals to help the Calgary Flames spoil the Islanders' debut of their new home arena next to Belmont Park, beating New York 5-2 on Saturday night. Pacific FC downs Cavalry FC 2-1 to reach Canadian Premier League final In a battle between two Canadian Premier League rivals who played each other tight all season, their eighth meeting on Saturday fittingly came down to a controversial close call. Stampeders stun Bombers 13-12 with late 4th-quarter comeback in final playoff tune-up The Calgary Stampeders saved their best for the fourth quarter as they pulled off a 13-12 come-from-behind win over the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on Saturday. Victim of possible shooting found at Peter Lougheed Centre An investigation is underway after a man was dropped off at a northeast hospital suffering from what's believed to be gunshot wounds. Top Videos Kenney walking on a cloud after AGM No one injured in 2-alarm fire Demonstrators want protection for Alberta's Rockies Kenney lights the way for the UCP Web Weather Update – There is warm weather ahead Extended: Kenney sets out the way forward for Alberta UCP UCP meeting may get dramatic Children's vaccinations approved Planning commission approves arena permit Union upset over lengthy EMS response times Editor's Picks Stampeders stun Bombers 13-12 with late 4th-quarter comeback in final playoff tune-up The Calgary Stampeders saved their best for the fourth quarter as they pulled off a 13-12 come-from-behind win over the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on Saturday. 'Ghostbusters: Afterlife' captures US$44 million in theatres The latest attempt to revive 'Ghostbusters' drew a sizable audience to theatres. 3 cases of COVID-19 reported at first-ever outbreak at Alberta Children's Hospital Health authorities say three cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed at the Alberta Children's Hospital, prompting an outbreak status at the facility of the first time in the pandemic. Austrians enjoy last day before impending COVID-19 lockdown Austrians enjoy a last day out in coffeehouses and at Christmas markets before the government imposes a nationwide lockdown to combat a growing fourth wave of coronavirus infections. The measures, which take effect Monday, require people to stay home apart from basic reasons like getting groceries, going to the doctor and exercising. Alberta Rockies coal mining protesters turn attention to UCP AGM Coal mining opponents held a protest outside of the UCP annual general meeting Saturday, hoping to show the government how much support there is for environmental protections in the Rocky Mountains. CTV News Lethbridge Sohil Bindra sexual assault trial paused for another week A total of six complainants have come forward with allegations including sexual assault, house breaking, and administering a noxious substance against Sohil Bindra. Those allegations span over roughly the last four years. Health Canada approves first COVID-19 vaccine for kids aged 5 to 11 It’s the news some parents have been waiting for – Health Canada has approved the first COVID-19 vaccine for children aged five to 11 years old. Police seek help to locate missing man from Raymond, Alta. Alberta RCMP need the public's help to find a man who hasn't been seen since early this month. Lethbridge man faces charges after Superlodge hotel drug trafficking investigation Police say a Lethbridge man is facing charges following an investigation into suspected drug trafficking at the Superlodge hotel. Southern Alberta councillor sanctioned for strange behaviour during swearing-in A councillor with the southern Alberta community of Taber has been sanctioned after his odd demeanour during his swearing in. WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 5:30 a.m. CTV News at Noon Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. Across Canada 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city CFL all-time passing leader Anthony Calvillo becomes a Canadian citizen Canadian soldier sentenced to jail in first-of-its-kind cannabis cupcake case Overdue library book returned to Vancouver branch nearly 70 years later What's Trending A little too enthused + Queen of the house Musical genius + Cool with a cue Ninja cat + Sock hunters Superhero surprise + Time out Musical train + Private concert Rocking out + Watch the croc CTV News On the Go Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Four-eared cat becomes social media icon W5 Preview: Heartbreaking search for a missing N.S. boy 'I thought I was gonna die': B.C. man stranded by flooding How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. STAY CONNECTED CTVNews.ca Top Stories More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Two of 17 members of a missionary group who were kidnapped more than a month ago have been freed in Haiti and are safe, "in good spirits and being cared for," their Ohio-based church organization announced Sunday. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. LISTEN LIVE CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' All hands are on deck in Abbotsford, B.C. as workers try to close a roughly 100-metre gap in the Sumas River dike. Todd Battis reports. Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Canada gears up for largest mass vaccinations program for children in history. CTV’s Avis Favaro reports. Canada seeks solutions over U.S. trade issues, supply chain The Three Amigos has begun at the White House for the first time in five years. CTV’s Joyce Napier reports. Feds, B.C. announce joint supply chain recover working group There is yet to be any estimates of how much damage to B.C.’s infrastructure will cost. CTV’s Allison Hurst reports. Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai appears at Beijing tournament Missing tennis star Peng Shuai reappeared in public on Nov.20 at a youth tournament in Beijing, according to videos shared on social media. Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Vancouver Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Vancouver Island Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Toronto Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says Ottawa Phase 2 LRT construction creating accessibility issues for Carlingwood residents Sixteen Ottawa elementary schools have COVID-19 outbreaks OPH reports 55 new COVID-19 cases, 1 new hospitalization, 0 new deaths Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Kitchener 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Northern Ontario Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Winnipeg Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Regina Preparations underway for 50th Canadian Western Agribition CTV News Regina: Here's what's making headlines this Sunday John Paddock returns to the Pats bench, leads team to 4-2 victory Saskatoon 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
