https://atlantic.ctvnews.ca/canadian-soccer-fans-react-to-world-cup-qualifying-win-over-mexico-1.5670218
Canadian soccer fans react to World Cup qualifying win over Mexico | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Atlantic Close ATLANTIC Search CTV Atlantic Close News Latest News Weather Poll Video Latest Video CTV News Live CTV Morning Live CTV News at Five Video Help Shows CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About | Contact Us Contests Advertise with Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Atlantic Canadian soccer fans react to World Cup qualifying win over Mexico HALIFAX - Tuesday night's FIFA World Cup qualifying game, played in sub-zero temperatures, came hours after Edmonton received roughly 20 centimetres of snow. "There were a lot of people, shivering under blankets," said soccer fan James Covey. Close to 50,000 frenzied fans endured the weather as Canada beat Mexico 2-1, to move closer to clinching a spot in the 2022 World Cup. Ever the soccer superfan, Covey travelled from Halifax to watch the game in person. "I got to see something that the Canada fans haven't seen," said Covey. "We are on the verge of qualifying for World Cup." The Canadians were clearly comfortable with the weather conditions but some Mexican players say they were not. "It was a shock to them, walking into the stadium with 45,000 people and -15 degrees," said former star player and current elite soccer coach Costa Elles. "And snow all around. I am sure ittook them back." Elles said Canada is likely World Cup-bound after moving into first place in the qualifying round. "Top three go through. The fourth place team goes to another playoff," said Elles. "If they win two of the last six, I would say they are guaranteed in the top three." Covey says Tuesday's game was not only a big win, but also a national shared bonding experience. "I was meeting people from all over the country," said Covey. "The people flew in for the game and you really got that feeling of people coming together geographically." Back in Nova Scotia, Denton Froese stayed up late and watched on TV. "It just gets the fans together, like nothing else," said Froese. Froese said he could feel the cold, the excitement and energy as he watched. "It connects teams and it connects cities," said Froese. "And as we are seeing from last night, and connects Canada with the rest of the world." The world was indeed watching as Canada moved a giant step closer to qualifying for the World Cup for the first time since 1986. Atlantic Top Stories Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Salvation Army's Kettle Campaign kicks off using 'tap to give' feature for second year in a row N.B.'s COVID-19 active case count drops Saturday as province works to contain several outbreaks Three-year-old Dylan Ehler disappeared in seconds. His family wants changes to the missing child alert system Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
