https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/feds-to-lift-pcr-test-requirement-for-short-trips-1.5669933
Canada to lift PCR test requirement for short trips | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement CANADA Feds to lift PCR test requirement for short trips Tom Yun CTVNews.ca writer @thetomyun Contact Published Wednesday, November 17, 2021 11:58AM EST Last Updated Wednesday, November 17, 2021 4:43PM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: TORONTO -- The federal government will be lifting the PCR test requirement for fully vaccinated travellers returning to Canada after short trips, CTV News has confirmed. This means that as soon as this re-entry requirement comes into effect, travellers who are coming back into the country within 72 hours of their departure will no longer need to show proof of a negative COVID-19 test. The PCR test requirement will remain in effect for trips longer than 72 hours. All travellers entering Canada, regardless of vaccination status, have been required to present proof of a molecular COVID-19 test taken within 72 hours of crossing the land border or boarding a flight. Newsletter sign-up: Get The COVID-19 Brief sent to your inbox These tests can cost anywhere between $150 to $300. Antigen tests, which generally only cost $40 to $60, are not accepted for entry in Canada. For trips under 72 hours, travellers could take a COVID-19 test in Canada before departure under the current rules. Pressure has been mounting on the federal government to lift the PCR test entry requirement. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau discussed the issue with provincial and territorial premiers during a conference call on Tuesday. "The consensus is a lot of premiers want to see that," Ontario Premier Doug Ford said at a news conference Tuesday. On Tuesday, Health Minister Jean-Yves Duclos said the government would be announcing changes to COVID-19 health measures at the border "very soon." Trudeau is currently in Washington for the Three Amigos summit with U.S. and Mexican officials. Business leaders involved in the Canadian Travel and Tourism Roundtable issued a news release on Wednesday calling for an end to pre-departure COVID-19 testing and streamlined border rules among the three nations. "The leaders of Canada, the United States and Mexico should prioritize removing friction from our mutual borders," said Perrin Beatty, CEO and president of the Canadian Chamber of Commerce. "Getting rid of unnecessary and outdated travel rules will help Canada's businesses get back to work -- and compete." The U.S. also opened its land border for non-essential travel on Nov. 8. Fully vaccinated travellers crossing into the U.S. by land or ferry aren't required to present a COVID-19 test result. For air travellers, antigen tests are accepted for entry into the U.S. RELATED IMAGES view larger image A Canada Border Services Agency officer is silhouetted as motorists wait to enter Canada at the Douglas-Peace Arch border crossing, in Surrey, B.C., on Monday, August 9, 2021. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck Tracking every case of COVID-19 in Canada Coronavirus vaccination tracker: How many people in Canada have received shots? Health minister promises announcement soon on COVID-19 border measure changes First cases of Delta sublineage AY.4.2 confirmed in British Columbia Moderna asks Health Canada to approve COVID-19 vaccine for kids Pfizer agrees to let other companies make its COVID-19 pill 'Super easy': How Canadian travellers are getting free COVID-19 tests to return home from U.S. Diagnosed with an advanced stage of disease? We want to hear from you Does a fabric mask provide enough protection against COVID-19? Experts weigh in Full coverage at CTVNews.ca/Coronavirus Related Stories Health minister promises announcement soon on COVID-19 border measure changes 'Super easy': How Canadian travellers are getting free COVID-19 tests to return home from U.S. Canada's top doctor says cooler weather, easing restrictions creating 'turbulence' Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News MORE NEWS FROM CANADA Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
