https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada
Canada News | CTV News | Top Canada News Headlines Skip to main content Live Search CTV News Close Search CTV News Close NEWS Coronavirus Canada Residential Schools World Entertainment Politics Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Business Weather 5 Things to Know Don Martin Blog Autos W5 Photo Galleries Newsletters VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 Pop Life LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Pop Life Schedule ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Canada News | CTV News | Top Canada News Headlines CANADA Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes The Halifax Regional Municipality's Emergency Management Division is closely monitoring the weather forecast as a series of low pressure systems make their way towards the Maritimes. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. One man is dead and another is in critical condition after a fire at a restaurant in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. More Canada Stories City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert The City of Chilliwack says the breach in the Sumas River dike in Abbotsford has been repaired, and that it's able to lift an evacuation alert for Chilliwack residents near the Abbotsford border as a result. B.C. highway crash involving bus leaves 1 dead, 13 injured The RCMP say one person is dead and 12 others injured after a semi-trailer truck collided with a passenger bus in northeastern B.C. Saturday afternoon. Belarus pro-democracy advocate praises Canada's anti-authoritarian stand Valery Kavaleuski - who once represented Belarus as a diplomat in the United States - praised Canada, the U.S., the European Union and Britain for their continued backing of the Belarusian democracy movement. Anti-hate groups fear wording problems may delay a new law tackling vitriol online A coalition of advocacy groups is urging the federal government to stick with its promise to take immediate action on online hate speech and to include steps to tackle the issue in Tuesday's throne speech. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Christmas tree shortage expected in wake of B.C. flooding Flooding in B.C.'s Fraser Valley is keeping thousands of Christmas trees from being delivered to retailers. Ontario PCs breaking election promise to restore auditor general's ad oversight power Ontario's Progressive Conservative government is breaking an election promise to restore the auditor general's powers over government advertising. Two journalists among 15 people arrested by RCMP near B.C. pipeline worksite An award-winning photojournalist and a documentary filmmaker were among the 15 people arrested on Friday as B.C. RCMP moved to enforce an injunction barring protests from blocking an access road used by Coastal GasLink pipeline workers. Residents of B.C.'s North Coast told to prepare for heavy rain, strong winds Several weather warnings have been issued for northern B.C. as an atmospheric river approaches the North Coast this weekend. Four bodies now recovered from site of Highway 99 mudslide, B.C. coroner confirms The bodies of four people have now been recovered from the scene of Monday's mudslide on Highway 99 near Lillooet, B.C., coroners confirmed Saturday. Latest Video Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Canada seeks solutions over U.S. trade issues, supply chain COVID-19 COVERAGE Coronavirus in Canada Chart every case of COVID-19 in each province and territory across the country COVID-19 cases charted across Canada Vaccine Tracker Track the number of people in Canada and around the world who have received vaccinations Canada and other nations Curious how different countries are faring? Chart and compare the curves using our interactive graphs The COVID-19 Brief Sign up to receive the most important updates in your inbox three times a week This undated electron microscope image made available by the U.S. National Institutes of Health in February 2020 shows the Novel Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, orange, emerging from the surface of cells, green, cultured in the lab. (NIAID-RML via AP) Local Highlights 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. CFL all-time passing leader Anthony Calvillo becomes a Canadian citizen The man who's passed for more yards than anyone in CFL history - Anthony Calvillo - is now a Canadian. Canadian soldier sentenced to jail in first-of-its-kind cannabis cupcake case A Canadian soldier will spend up to 30 days in jail for drugging her comrades with cannabis-laced cupcakes during a live-fire training exercise in 2018. Overdue library book returned to Vancouver branch nearly 70 years later The phrase "better late than never" applies to library books too, it turns out. A book recently returned to a branch of the Vancouver Public Library was decades overdue. Sask. bison help archaeologist uncover 'rare' 1,000 year old petroglyph Rock carvings from more than a thousand years ago have been discovered at Wanuskewin Heritage Park. Northern Ontario man renovating business finds decades-old bottles of Guinness behind wall When Wayne Wallace was renovating his new computer business on Main Street in Powassan, he found some beer and liquor bottles which he determined are decades-old. Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch The company behind the push to build Canada's first commercial spaceport, to be located on the tip of northeastern Nova Scotia, announced on Friday the first payload client for its initial rocket launch, which it expects near the end of 2023. Court to hear legal challenge to Manitoba PC Leadership race The legal challenge by Shelly Glover over the Manitoba Progressive Conservative Leadership contest will be heard in court on December 23. 69-year-old Toronto woman who posed as man on dating sites tricked women out of millions of dollars: police A Toronto woman who pretended to be a man online and tricked women out of millions of dollars has been arrested, police say. ATLANTIC Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school BARRIE Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Barrie Police have announced that three people have been taken into custody following a shooting Friday evening that left a 17-year-old teen dead. Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Christmas morning is just over a month away, and for many Ontario families, this weekend marked the official start to the holiday season. Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 While many communities across Central Ontario decided to cancel their annual Santa Claus Parades again, they still found a way to make sure the big man in red could stop by ahead of Christmas day. Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time The MacEwan University women’s soccer team made history Sunday after winning a national U SPORTS championship title for the first time. Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 The Edmonton Elks are looking ahead to 2022 after a difficult season that saw the club go winless at home and fail to earn a playoff spot. Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides One of the victims of a deadly mudslide in British Columbia last week has been identified as Steven Taylor, a former Calgarian who was devoted to his family and passionate about sports. KITCHENER 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids A mother and her five kids are staying in a hotel after a fire forced them from their home in Woodstock. House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution The House of Friendship is offering temporary transitional housing at its former shelter location on Charles St. in Kitchener starting later this month. It will be an interim solution for 25 men and won't accept drop-ins. Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo One person is in serious condition after a single-vehicle crash in the area of Weber Street North and King Street in Waterloo. LONDON More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' A staff member at Terrace Lodge long-term care home in Aylmer has tested positive for COVID-19. Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen It’s almost time to re-open Clinton’s downtown following a Main Street road closure that started in June. MONTREAL Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 NORTHERN ONTARIO Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Hundreds of people gathered in Hollinger Park in Timmins Saturday night to see a forty-foot White Spruce Tree sparkle with over four-thousand lights. Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay After a one year hiatus due to pandemic restrictions, the Santa Claus parade returned to North Bay on Sunday. Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management For nearly 20 years, Meadowview Alpaca Farm in Bruce Mines was under the watchful eye of Robert and Denise Martel. Now, the farm is under the care of a family from southern Ontario after purchasing it in October. OTTAWA Phase 2 LRT construction creating accessibility issues for Carlingwood residents The major project will transform current public transit options for Carlingwood residents but until then some say it’s creating accessibility issues for pedestrians. Sixteen Ottawa elementary schools have COVID-19 outbreaks As doses of the children's COVID-19 vaccine arrive in Canada, cases among kids in Ottawa continue to climb, with more than a dozen schools experiencing outbreaks. OPH reports 55 new COVID-19 cases, 1 new hospitalization, 0 new deaths Ottawa Public Health is reporting another 55 COVID-19 cases in Ottawa, the highest daily case count since Oct. 10. Regina Preparations underway for 50th Canadian Western Agribition Canadian Western Agribition (WCA) is celebrating a milestone 50 years as it welcomes everyone back to the country’s largest livestock show. CTV News Regina: Here's what's making headlines this Sunday Here’s a look at what’s making headlines in Regina this Sunday, with CTV News Regina’s 6 p.m. newscast pre-empted for NFL football. John Paddock returns to the Pats bench, leads team to 4-2 victory Two days after Dave Struch was relieved of his coaching duties, John Paddock was back behind the bench as he lead the Regina Pats to a 4-2 victory in Moose Jaw. Saskatoon 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama TORONTO Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs About 100 people gathered along Toronto's rail lines on Sunday in support of the Wet’suwet’en hereditary chiefs fighting against the construction of a pipeline through their territory following multiple arrests in northern B.C. Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Health officials in Ontario reported another 741 cases of COVID-19 on Sunday as well as three more deaths related to the disease. Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says The city is asking residents to avoid a park in North York after a coyote attacked and bit two people Sunday afternoon. Vancouver Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Vancouver Island Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Windsor More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. 'I’m just thankful I’m alive': Harrow woman ready to return home after ATV crash Jessica Brown has lost her memory and the use of her legs, but the long road to recovery for the Harrow woman critically injured in an ATV crash this summer is almost over. $100K attic fire in Windsor, Ont. Damage is estimated at $100,000 after a Sunday afternoon fire in Windsor, Ont. WINNIPEG Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Health Canada approved the Pfizer COVID-19 Vaccine for children between the ages of 5 and 11 on Friday, and the province said starting Monday at 6:00 a.m., parents can book appointments for their kids to get the shot. Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary A scrapbook containing letters from Winnipeg soldiers during WWII has made its way back to the city after being found in a building in Calgary. Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Two months after the 2021 federal election, the 44th Parliament officially begins on Monday, a speech from the throne on Tuesday. The first few days will include a heavy dose of procedure, but also a series of key decisions. One big difference this time around is the vaccine mandate. How will it all work? Here's a rundown of some of the key elements involved in the opening of the new Parliament. Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Federal employment Minister Carla Qualtrough says British Columbians displaced or left jobless due to extreme flooding should immediately apply for employment insurance benefits - even if they wouldn't normally be eligible. Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Concern over the vaccination status of Conservative MPs was front and centre on the eve of a new session of Parliament after one of them tested positive for COVID-19. Sen. Josee Forest-Niesing, 56, dies after battling COVID-19 and autoimmune condition Canadian Sen. Josee Forest-Niesing, who recently returned home after being hospitalized for a month due to COVID-19, has died. She was 56. Conservative MP Richard Lehoux tests positive for COVID-19, party says The Conservative party says a Quebec member of Parliament has tested positive for COVID-19. Feds have no plans to extend vaccine mandate to kids: Duclos The federal government says it has no plans to enforce a vaccine mandate for children, as Health Canada green lights the first COVID-19 vaccine for those aged five to 11 years old. Health Minister Jean-Yves Duclos says, as it stands now, Ottawa won't apply the same mobility restrictions to children as they have to adults travelling in and out of the country. World More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco About 80 people, some wearing ski masks and wielding crowbars, ransacked a high-end department store in the San Francisco Bay Area, assaulting employees and stealing merchandise before fleeing in cars waiting outside. Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Two onetime outsiders hailing from opposite extremes of the political spectrum received the most votes Sunday in Chile's presidential election but failed to garner enough support for an outright win, setting up what's likely to be a polarizing runoff in the region's most advanced economy. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki warned on Sunday that the migrant crisis on the Belarus border may be a prelude to 'something much worse.' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive A taxi driver injured when his passenger's homemade bomb exploded in Liverpool a week ago said it's a 'miracle' he is alive. Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes The Halifax Regional Municipality's Emergency Management Division is closely monitoring the weather forecast as a series of low pressure systems make their way towards the Maritimes. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll The British government is investigating whether built-in racial bias in some medical devices led to Black and Asian people getting sick and dying disproportionately from COVID-19. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Simu Liu hosted 'Saturday Night Live' for the first time over the weekend. Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 The actor Art LaFleur -- known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams' -- has died at the age of 78. Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees When it comes to her art, Adele has a certain way she likes things to be done. Following the release of her fourth album '30,' the shuffle button is no longer the default option for album listening on Spotify -- but rather listeners will hear the tracks in their listed order. Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling WhatsApp is adding more details to its privacy policy and flagging that information for European users, after Irish regulators slapped the chat service with a record fine for breaching strict EU data privacy rules. Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Researchers have confirmed the presence of carbon dioxide ‘cold traps’ on the moon, an important discovery that is integral to potential long-term robot or human presence there, they say Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tesla Inc chief Elon Musk said on Friday that the company's mobile application was coming back online after an app server outage earlier prevented many owners from connecting to their cars. Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America. Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai has taken part in a 30-minute video call from Beijing with IOC officials and told them she was safe and well, the Olympic body said on Sunday. Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Mackenzie Hughes of Dundas, Ont., closed with an 8-under 62 Sunday at the RSM Classic to finish in second place, three strokes behind winner Talor Gooch of the U.S. Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Tiger Woods posted a short video showing him hitting golf balls on a driving range on Sunday, nine months after the 15-time major champion suffered serious leg injuries that required surgery following a car crash in Southern California. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
