https://atlantic.ctvnews.ca/catholic-church-pastor-in-cape-breton-apologizes-for-saying-in-vitro-fertilization-is-immoral-1.5674220
Catholic church pastor in Cape Breton apologizes for saying in vitro fertilization is 'immoral' | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Atlantic Close ATLANTIC Search CTV Atlantic Close News Latest News Weather Poll Video Latest Video CTV News Live CTV Morning Live CTV News at Five Video Help Shows CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About | Contact Us Contests Advertise with Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Atlantic Catholic church pastor in Cape Breton apologizes for saying in vitro fertilization is 'immoral' NORTH SYDNEY, N.S. - It was an online church bulletin that landed St. Joseph's Catholic Parish of North Sydney in hot water for comments that condemned having children with scientific help. Now, Father Doug MacDonald – the church's pastor – has issued a new bulletin saying he's sorry. "Well, I was really happy to see that Father Doug took the time to write a response," said Carolynn Dube, executive director of Fertility Matters Canada. Dube has three sons born by in vitro fertilization and grew up going to St. Joseph's. She says the apology is appreciated, but falls a bit short. "It's almost like talking out of both sides of your mouth", Dube said. "So the way they were created is not moral, and yet they are gifts from and of God." The pastor's message reads, in part, "All children are always a gift from God regardless of how they are conceived. As a person and especially as a pastor my heart broke for all the people who felt rejected or hurt by the catechism teachings in a recent bulletin. It is meant to share Church teaching in a compact way, but it was never meant to hurt anyone." Father MacDonald's comments went on to say, "As I reflected on the parents' pain, and prayed with empathy, I only got a glimpse of what the parents must have been going through. I can see why you received these teachings the way you did." David Deane, associate professor at the Atlantic School of Theology in Halifax says he sees some damage control, but sincerity too. "I thought it was nice. I thought it was pastoral," Deane said. "He was looking to clarify the post in order to reach out to people who were offended by it, and say 'Look, the church isn't saying that any child is immoral." Amber Tapley of Sydney is organizing a rally at the church on Sunday. She's more hopeful now it will be in the spirit of healing. Father MacDonald confirmed in an email to CTV News that he intends to be there. "Well, I do think it's a very lovely apology," Tapley said. "That's certainly a good way for him to show that he's accountable for the things that he said. And hopefully that can be a first step in mending relationships." Atlantic Top Stories Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Salvation Army's Kettle Campaign kicks off using 'tap to give' feature for second year in a row N.B.'s COVID-19 active case count drops Saturday as province works to contain several outbreaks Three-year-old Dylan Ehler disappeared in seconds. His family wants changes to the missing child alert system Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
