https://www.facebook.com/CBC.caIndigenous/
CBC Indigenous - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press alt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Videos Posts About Photos Events Groups Community Fundraisers See more of CBC Indigenous on Facebook Log In orCreate new account See more of CBC Indigenous on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate new account Not now CBC Indigenous Website CommunitySee All 288,209 people like this 349,503 people follow this AboutSee All Contact CBC Indigenous on Messenger www.cbc.ca/indigenous Website Page TransparencySee more Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - May 31, 2011 People 288,209 likes Related Pages Put Your Positive Pants On Personal Blog The REDress Project Cause Northern Knowledge Artist Ancient Forests Nature Preserve Metis Rights Coalition Nonprofit Organization Real non-monogamous relationships Personal Blog Twilight "Sci-Twi" Sparkle - Equestria Girls Movie Character 2nd PLT, 293rd MP CO, Honey Badgers Government Organization Native Shaman Product/Service One Planet - A Future To Look Back on Environmental Conservation Organization The Mighty Thor Comedian Run with Pride Political Organization The National Centre for Collaboration in Indigenous Education Education Indigenous Women Lead Nonprofit Organization Insure Our Future US Cause Fairy Creek Press Publisher Chief Lady Bird Art Artist Magpie Brûlé Personal Blog Tanya Tagaq Artist Cornerstone Baptist Church - Winnipeg Baptist Church Pages Liked by This Page CBC North CBC Radio: Unreserved Mi'kmaw Kina'matnewey Storytellers Film Fest CBC New Brunswick CBC Docs Up North CBC Ay Lelum-The Good House of Design Cody Coyote The Jingle Dress CBC Yukon Signery Pass The Feather Indigenous Arts Collective of Canada BearPaw Media and Education CBC Montreal RIIC News Witness Blanket Peter Scoular Photography Colonialism skateboards CBC Quebec PagesOtherBrandWebsiteCBC Indigenous English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Meta © 2021 Videos Strength and hope: Alberta’s strong couple 134 19 Uncovering Algonquin history under the concrete 154 3 'I called her Betty': 50 years later, remembering Helen Betty Osborne 157 18 See All Posts CBC Indigenous Yesterday at 11:00 AM · In 2019, members of the Dene First Nations from the Northwest Territories made the trek made the trek to Nain, N.L. to teach members of Nunatsiavut how to best utilize moose hide. Temperatures are warming in parts of the north, and moose are becoming more and more common as a result. This has led to a growing demand for moose hide tanning in parts where moose used to be rare. cbc.ca How climate change led two Indigenous communities to connect over moose hide tanning Temperatures are warming in parts of the north, and moose are becoming more and more common as a result. This has led to a growing demand for moose hide tanning in parts where moose used to be rare. Temperatures are warming in parts of the north, and moose are becoming more and more common as a result. This has led to a growing demand for moose hide tanning in parts where moose used to be rare. CBC Indigenous Yesterday at 9:00 AM · "It's giving back their voice. They had no control over what happened to them in the schools. Everything we do is through the survivor group," said Kimberly Murray, executive lead of the Survivors' Secretariat. As the ground search of the former Mohawk Institute Residential School in Brantford, Ont. continues, survivors say it’s important that they be a part of the process. cbc.ca Survivor-led search at former Residential School in Brantford could provide framework for future searches As the ground search of the former Mohawk Institute Residential School in Brantford, Ont. continues, survivors say it’s important that they be a part of the process. As the ground search of the former Mohawk Institute Residential School in Brantford, Ont. continues, survivors say it’s important that they be a part of the process. See All Photos See All See More
