https://www.hup.harvard.edu/catalog.php?isbn=9780674967953
Chimpanzees and Human Evolution — Martin N. Muller, Richard W. Wrangham, David R. Pilbeam | Harvard University Press Refine Your Search/Search Our Site About & Contact Subjects & Series Catalogs eBooks News Order Rights Permissions Support the Press Cart: [0] Resources for: Authors Booksellers & Librarians Educators Journalists Readers Chimpanzees and Human Evolution Edited by Martin N. Muller Richard W. Wrangham David R. Pilbeam Add to Cart Product Details HARDCOVER $62.00 • £49.95 • €56.00 ISBN 9780674967953 Publication Date: 11/27/2017 x Text 848 pages 6-3/8 x 9-1/4 inches 41 halftones, 31 graphs, 27 tables Belknap Press World Related Subjects SCIENCE: Life Sciences: Evolution SCIENCE: Life Sciences: Zoology: Primatology SOCIAL SCIENCE: Anthropology: Physical SCIENCE: Life Sciences: Zoology: Ethology (Animal Behavior) NATURE: Animals: Primates About This Book About the Author(s) Reviews Table of Contents Knowledge of chimpanzees in the wild has expanded dramatically in recent years. This comprehensive volume, edited by Martin Muller, Richard Wrangham, and David Pilbeam, brings together scientists who are leading a revolution to discover and explain what is unique about humans, by studying their closest living relatives. Their observations and conclusions have the potential to transform our understanding of human evolution. Chimpanzees offer scientists an unmatched view of what distinguishes humanity from its apelike ancestors. Based on evidence from the hominin fossil record and extensive morphological, developmental, and genetic data, Chimpanzees and Human Evolution makes the case that the last common ancestor of chimpanzees and humans was chimpanzee-like. It most likely lived in African rainforests around eight million years ago, eating fruit and walking on its knuckles. Readers will learn why chimpanzees are a better model for the last common ancestor than bonobos, gorillas, or orangutans. A thorough chapter-by-chapter analysis reveals which key traits we share with chimpanzees and which appear to be distinctive to Homo sapiens, and shows how understanding chimpanzees helps us account for the evolution of human uniqueness. Traits surveyed include social behaviors and structures, mating systems, diet, hunting practices, tool use, culture, cognition, and communication. Edited by three of primatology’s most renowned experts, with contributions from 32 scholars drawing on decades of field research, Chimpanzees and Human Evolution provides readers with detailed up-to-date information on what we can infer about our chimpanzee-like ancestors and points the way forward for the next generation of discoveries. Buy Elsewhere Bookshop.org » Amazon » Barnes & Noble » Find at a Library »Cite This Book » About HUP eBooks About Exam Copies Awards & Accolades A Choice Outstanding Academic Title, 2018 Recent News On C-SPAN’s Q&A, The Original Meaning of the Fourteenth Amendment coauthors Randy Barnett and Evan Bernick argued that the United States must get its “Constitutional house in order”—and stop chronically misinterpreting the amendment. At the Washington Post, Global Health Security author Lawrence Gostin analyzed the legality of President Biden’s federal mandate requiring COVID-19 vaccination or testing in private businesses. The Irish Times spoke with Thane Gustafson, author of Klimat, about the “climate change reckoning” facing Russia—as Vladimir Putin avoids attending the COP26 international climate change conference in Glasgow. At the Washington Post, read To Live and Defy in LA author Felicia Viator on how judicial edicts on language in the trial of Kyle Rittenhouse—barring use of the term “victims” for the men killed but allowing “looters,” “rioters,”, and “arsonists”—parallel decisions in a 1942 case in Los Angeles that became a flashpoint for the original “Zoot Suit Riots.” Black lives matter. Black voices matter. A statement from HUP » From Our Blog John Rawls: Speaking in a Shared Political Language On the occasion of the anniversary of the publication of A Theory of Justice, Andrius Gališanka, author of John Rawls: The Path to a Theory of Justice, reflects on some of Rawls’s ideas on moral and political reasoning… Subscribe to E-News Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library I Tatti Renaissance Library Loeb Classical Library Murty Classical Library of India About & Contact | Awards | Catalogs | Conference Exhibits | eBooks | Exam Copies | News | Order | Rights | Permissions | Search | Shopping Cart | Subjects & Series Resources for: Authors | Booksellers & Librarians | Educators | Journalists | Readers Harvard University Press offices are located at 79 Garden Street, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA & 71 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4BE UK © 2021 President and Fellows of Harvard College | HUP Privacy Policy • HU Additional EEA Privacy Disclosures A Message from HUP about COVID-19 (April 2020)
