https://montreal.ctvnews.ca/environment
Climate and Environment | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live Search CTV Montreal Close MONTREAL Search CTV Montreal Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Climate and Environment | CTV News Montreal Climate and Environment Quebec company recycles Styrofoam with $7-million loan from government A Quebec-based company believes it's found a way to recycle Styrofoam, and the provincial government is betting big on the project, by offering up a $7-million loan on Friday. WEEKLY NEWSLETTER Subscribe to our newsletter MORE CLIMATE STORIES 55 electric school buses set to hit streets of Montreal and Laval Lion Electric Co. says Groupe Autobus Seguin has ordered 55 electric school buses to be delivered by 2025. Opinion: Why was there not a fair share of climate responsibility in COP26 negotiations? Even if some world leaders claimed that the outcome of COP26 was a success, for many others, it was not only lacklustre, but disappointing, especially for those participating in the People’s Summit. Feathered friend from Southern Texas found flying around at Dorval Technoparc near Montreal airport Birders by the dozen are heading to the Dorval Technoparc near the Montreal airport as a rare Scissor-tailed Flycatcher, typically found in Southern Texas, has been spotted far from home. Quebec company Boralex seeks major 800-megawatt contract in New York Boralex has submitted its bid for an 800-megawatt (MW) solar power contract in New York State, the company confirmed Friday. Ottawa to protect habitat of endangered western chorus frog in city near Montreal The federal environment minister says he will intervene to preserve the habitat of an endangered frog south of Montreal. Taxes for polluting would change Quebecers' behaviour, study finds Many more Quebecers believe climate change is a high risk and are more willing to change their habits if governments impose taxes than they were just three years ago, reveals a new study. Quebec says no to oil exploration and development The Legault government has confirmed that Quebec is making a definitive move away from oil exploration and development by joining the Beyond Oil and Gas Alliance (BOGA). Judge temporarily halts road project near Montreal due to endangered frog A Quebec environmental group attempting to block a road construction project south of Montreal that it says would damage the habitat of an endangered frog says it's pleased with a recent court order. Hydro-Quebec project facing 'green' opposition in Maine ahead of Tuesday's referendum A plan to export hydroelectricity from Quebec to Massachusetts is facing opposition from environmental groups in Maine -- where a 233-kilometre transmission line would be built -- despite the promise of major greenhouse gas reductions. Environmental groups welcome Guilbeault's appointment as new environment minister, with some reservations The nomination of former environmentalist Steven Guilbeault to the position of Canad'as environment minister is generally being very well received by environmental groups -- though there are some reservations. Lion Electric Co. receives conditional order for 1,000 electric school buses The Lion Electric Co. says it has received a conditional order for 1,000 electric school buses from Student Transportation of Canada, whose parent company is controlled by Quebec's pension fund manager. Increase in personal truck sales may undo electric vehicle efforts in Quebec, experts warn Since 1990, greenhouse gas emissions from personal trucks and large SUVs have nearly tripled. ENVIRONMENT VIDEOS Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Startup aims to use plant waste to fight climate change Dan Riskin on how caterpillars create lake pollution Antarctic penguin found on N.Z. shore, 3,000 km from home Why this B.C. doctor diagnosed patients with climate change Dan Riskin on how polar bears can help track climate change Dan Riskin on how Earth recovers from global warming Federal government promises cap on oil, gas sector emissions RISKIN REPORTS Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Dan Riskin on how caterpillars create lake pollution Dan Riskin on how polar bears can help track climate change Dan Riskin on how Earth recovers from global warming Dan Riskin on how trees are upping their climate change game Dan Riskin on cold weather and climate change denial Dan Riskin on how kids influence the climate change debate Dan Riskin on the cost of inaction on climate change Top scientists warn of 'ghastly future' for planet Forests may flip from CO2 'sink' to 'source' by 2050 Climate change is threatening these 10 species in Canada 2021 will be the shortest year in decades. Here's why. Science and Technology WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling WhatsApp is adding more details to its privacy policy and flagging that information for European users, after Irish regulators slapped the chat service with a record fine for breaching strict EU data privacy rules. Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Researchers have confirmed the presence of carbon dioxide ‘cold traps’ on the moon, an important discovery that is integral to potential long-term robot or human presence there, they say Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. El Salvador plans first 'Bitcoin City', backed by bitcoin bonds El Salvador plans to build the world's first 'Bitcoin City', funded initially by bitcoin-backed bonds, President Nayib Bukele said on Saturday, doubling down on his bet to harness the crypto currency to fuel investment in the Central American country. Anti-hate groups fear wording problems may delay a new law tackling vitriol online A coalition of advocacy groups is urging the federal government to stick with its promise to take immediate action on online hate speech and to include steps to tackle the issue in Tuesday's throne speech. Sask. bison help archaeologist uncover 'rare' 1,000 year old petroglyph Rock carvings from more than a thousand years ago have been discovered at Wanuskewin Heritage Park. Stargazers capture longest partial lunar eclipse in centuries Night owls around the world were treated to a once-in-a-lifetime event Friday morning, during the longest partial lunar eclipse in almost six centuries. Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch The company behind the push to build Canada's first commercial spaceport, to be located on the tip of northeastern Nova Scotia, announced on Friday the first payload client for its initial rocket launch, which it expects near the end of 2023. GLOBAL LEVEL OF CARBON DIOXIDE INTERACTIVES Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Cannabis Seth Rogen's cannabis company Houseplant and Canopy Growth announce partnership end Pfizer claims 3rd dose 'strongly' boosts protection against Delta variant Case involving former CannTrust leaders remanded until Sept. 20 Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai has taken part in a 30-minute video call from Beijing with IOC officials and told them she was safe and well, the Olympic body said on Sunday. Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Mackenzie Hughes of Dundas, Ont., closed with an 8-under 62 Sunday at the RSM Classic to finish in second place, three strokes behind winner Talor Gooch of the U.S. Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Tiger Woods posted a short video showing him hitting golf balls on a driving range on Sunday, nine months after the 15-time major champion suffered serious leg injuries that required surgery following a car crash in Southern California. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tesla Inc chief Elon Musk said on Friday that the company's mobile application was coming back online after an app server outage earlier prevented many owners from connecting to their cars. Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
