https://www.ctvnews.ca/climate-and-environment
Climate and Environment News | CTV News | Environment Canada Skip to main content Live Search CTV News Close Search CTV News Close NEWS Coronavirus Canada Residential Schools World Entertainment Politics Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Business Weather 5 Things to Know Don Martin Blog Autos W5 Photo Galleries Newsletters VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 Pop Life LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Pop Life Schedule ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Climate and Environment News | CTV News | Environment Canada Climate and Environment Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert The crisis in B.C. will contribute to the ongoing mental health issues surrounding the anxiety and depression some people have in response to climate change and the extreme weather events tied to it, an expert says. MORE CLIMATE STORIES B.C. officials warn of storm expected to hit the province Environment Canada is warning that another rain storm is headed for British Columbia's North Coast. Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Environment Canada working on ranking system for atmospheric rivers, B.C. minister says In the wake of the atmospheric river that brought devastating floods and mudslides to B.C. this week, Environment Canada is developing a new ranking system for the weather pattern, according to Deputy Premier and Minister of Public Safety Mike Farnworth. Can invasive species replace extinct birds? Not quite, scientists say New research suggests that introducing invasive species to ecosystems to replace extinct birds is not an effective solution. B.C. flood shows how climate change could fuel atmospheric river storms Atmospheric rivers of the kind that flooded British Columbia will become larger and possibly more destructive because of climate change, scientists say. Thailand's festival honouring rivers also pollutes them Thais flocked to rivers and lakes on Friday evening to release small floats adorned with flowers and candles in an annual festival honoring the goddess of water, with thousands of the tiny boats ending up clogging and polluting the country's waterways. 'It breaks you down': Alberta ranchers face feed and water shortages after devastating drought Many ranchers in drought-stricken prairie provinces, including those in southern Alberta, are facing a critical shortage of feed and water supply for their herds heading into the winter months. Abbotsford water pump an 'example' of broader climate change infrastructure issues: experts A water pump station in Abbotsford, B.C. struggling to keep Sumas Prairie from 'catastrophic' flooding has shone a spotlight on a Canada-wide issue. Vital infrastructure across the country is not built to deal with impacts of climate change and severe weather events, experts say. Feed to cut cow methane emissions gets provisional nod in EU A feed additive that reduces emissions of potent greenhouse gas methane from cattle could be the first of its kind to come to market in Europe after receiving a positive assessment from the European Food Safety Authority. Britain seeks ban of single use plastic plates and cutlery in England Single-use plastic plates and cutlery and polystyrene cups could all be banned in England as the British government seeks to eliminate all avoidable plastic waste, it said on Saturday. Brazil's Amazon deforestation surges to 15-year high, undercutting government pledge Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon rainforest soared 22 per cent in a year to the highest level since 2006, the government's annual report showed on Thursday, undercutting President Jair Bolsonaro's assurances that the country is curbing illegal logging. These images show the scale of flooding across B.C. From vehicles being abandoned in the street to entire properties becoming only accessible by boat, CTVNews.ca has collected a selection of images showing the extent of flooding damage across parts of British Columbia. ENVIRONMENT VIDEOS Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Startup aims to use plant waste to fight climate change Dan Riskin on how caterpillars create lake pollution Antarctic penguin found on N.Z. shore, 3,000 km from home Why this B.C. doctor diagnosed patients with climate change Dan Riskin on how polar bears can help track climate change Dan Riskin on how Earth recovers from global warming Federal government promises cap on oil, gas sector emissions WEEKLY NEWSLETTER Subscribe to our newsletter RISKIN REPORTS Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Dan Riskin on how caterpillars create lake pollution Dan Riskin on how polar bears can help track climate change Dan Riskin on how Earth recovers from global warming Dan Riskin on how trees are upping their climate change game Dan Riskin on cold weather and climate change denial Dan Riskin on how kids influence the climate change debate Dan Riskin on the cost of inaction on climate change IN-DEPTH STORIES Top scientists warn of 'ghastly future' for planet Forests may flip from CO2 'sink' to 'source' by 2050 Climate change is threatening these 10 species in Canada 2021 will be the shortest year in decades. Here's why. Science and Technology WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling WhatsApp is adding more details to its privacy policy and flagging that information for European users, after Irish regulators slapped the chat service with a record fine for breaching strict EU data privacy rules. Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Researchers have confirmed the presence of carbon dioxide ‘cold traps’ on the moon, an important discovery that is integral to potential long-term robot or human presence there, they say Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. El Salvador plans first 'Bitcoin City', backed by bitcoin bonds El Salvador plans to build the world's first 'Bitcoin City', funded initially by bitcoin-backed bonds, President Nayib Bukele said on Saturday, doubling down on his bet to harness the crypto currency to fuel investment in the Central American country. Anti-hate groups fear wording problems may delay a new law tackling vitriol online A coalition of advocacy groups is urging the federal government to stick with its promise to take immediate action on online hate speech and to include steps to tackle the issue in Tuesday's throne speech. Sask. bison help archaeologist uncover 'rare' 1,000 year old petroglyph Rock carvings from more than a thousand years ago have been discovered at Wanuskewin Heritage Park. Stargazers capture longest partial lunar eclipse in centuries Night owls around the world were treated to a once-in-a-lifetime event Friday morning, during the longest partial lunar eclipse in almost six centuries. Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch The company behind the push to build Canada's first commercial spaceport, to be located on the tip of northeastern Nova Scotia, announced on Friday the first payload client for its initial rocket launch, which it expects near the end of 2023. GLOBAL LEVEL OF CARBON DIOXIDE INTERACTIVES Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Cannabis Seth Rogen's cannabis company Houseplant and Canopy Growth announce partnership end Pfizer claims 3rd dose 'strongly' boosts protection against Delta variant Case involving former CannTrust leaders remanded until Sept. 20 Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai has taken part in a 30-minute video call from Beijing with IOC officials and told them she was safe and well, the Olympic body said on Sunday. Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Mackenzie Hughes of Dundas, Ont., closed with an 8-under 62 Sunday at the RSM Classic to finish in second place, three strokes behind winner Talor Gooch of the U.S. Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Tiger Woods posted a short video showing him hitting golf balls on a driving range on Sunday, nine months after the 15-time major champion suffered serious leg injuries that required surgery following a car crash in Southern California. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tesla Inc chief Elon Musk said on Friday that the company's mobile application was coming back online after an app server outage earlier prevented many owners from connecting to their cars. Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
