https://vancouverisland.ctvnews.ca/colwood-woman-creates-100-crochet-poppies-for-100th-anniversary-of-remembrance-symbol-1.5660565
Colwood woman creates 100 crochet poppies for 100th anniversary of remembrance symbol | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Island Close VANCOUVER ISLAND Search CTV Vancouver Island Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Sawatsky Sign-off Contests Events Video Latest All Video Hike the Island CTV News Live Video Help Last Laugh Shows News Programs CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Personalities Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs News Links Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver Island Colwood woman creates 100 crochet poppies for 100th anniversary of remembrance symbol Colwood - When Deidre first taught herself to knit she didn’t consider its potential for positivity. It was simply a satisfying pastime. "You could start something and finish it and you had a product at the end," she says. "I think it’s similar to accounting that way." But if you were to add together the retired accountant’s most recent projects, you wouldn’t expect the equation to equal more than 100. And yet it has. "I knew that the 100th anniversary of the poppy as a symbol of remembrance was coming-up," Deidre says. So in September she opened a spread sheet and started crunching the numbers. "I came up with the idea that I had to do 1.67 of them a day," Deidre smiles. After getting permission from the Legion to use the trademarked image, Deidre started crocheting at least 1.67 poppies a day, for 60 days straight, in order to attach 100 of them to the tree in her front yard before Remembrance Day. "It’s like a marathon," she explains. "You start with enthusiasm and part way through the middle it’s, 'Is this ever going to end?'" But Deidre knew that no discomfort she felt could remotely compare to what the men and women who’d sacrificed to protect our freedom endured. "When I decided to do this, I asked my friends and family for [information about relatives] for their own remembrances," Deidre explains. Next to the tree she covered in the 100 crocheted poppies, Deidre started hanging laminated signs featuring pictures and names of those people who served, and sometimes the stories behind their sacrifice too. "Everybody who serves should be recognized for that service," Deidre says of veterans past and present. Like in Flanders Fields where "the poppies blow between the crosses row on row," in Diedre’s Royal Bay neighbourhood, the crocheted poppies bloom high, showing gratitude to all who pass by. Top Stories Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding B.C. road report: Which highways are open now, and what is essential travel? Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
