https://barrie.ctvnews.ca/communities-across-central-ontario-reinvent-santa-claus-parades-for-2021-1.5675429
Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Barrie Close BARRIE Search CTV Barrie Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Photo Galleries Contests Around the Region Simcoe - Muskoka COVID-19 Updates Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at Eleven About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Barrie Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 BARRIE, ONT - While many communities across Central Ontario decided to cancel their annual Santa Claus Parades again, they still found a way to make sure the big man in red could stop by ahead of Christmas day. In Barrie on Saturday, Santa and Mrs. Claus toured neighbourhoods across the city in a vintage 1947 Bickle-Seagrave Fire Truck before ending up at Meridian Place in the heart of downtown Barrie. "I think the people of Barrie need it, the people all over need it," Santa Claus told CTV News. "There's been a lot of loneliness and separation from their families, and it's kind of a light at the end of the tunnel that things are going to get better." While the province lifted capacity limits for many outdoor gatherings, including Santa Claus Parades, officials with the Barrie Chamber of Commerce say there wasn't enough time to formulate a plan. "It's the sign of brighter things to come is really what we're hoping here," says Paul Markle, the executive director of the Barrie Chamber of Commerce. "I hope that this is the last time we have to do a Santa Claus parade this way, but if we have to go back to something, at least we'll know that this works." After parading through the city, Santa Claus spent time in downtown Barrie taking photos with the good boys and girls who made his nice list in 2021. But Santa didn't stop there. With so many people eager to see him, he made sure to make time to visit Orillia and Bradford West Gwillimbury. Similar to Barrie, officials in the sunshine city of Orillia decided to forgo the traditional parade, instead opting for a two-day tour. "It's been tough on a lot of people, and after getting reviews from yesterday, I think we did our job," says Doug Bunker, the special events coordinator for the Orillia Chamber of Commerce. "Everybody was a little more positive, and really that's what it's about." Santa's tour here included not only Orillia but also the surrounding areas, even bringing him to the community of Rama, where the traditional parade route wouldn't have taken him. "That was a first for [Rama residents], and they were most impressed, and we were most impressed with their enthusiasm," Bunker says. "I mean, we're all looking at these kids faces, and I think that's what it's all about for us as organizers is 'look at this, this parade is really for kids or the young at heart!'" It was also a similar scene in Bradford West Gwillimbury, where the town held a 'Spot Santa' event. Over the last two days, Santa visited the town. He's expected to return next weekend, where he'll visit the community of Bond Head. Barrie Top Stories Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser OPP search for suspects after Thursday shoplifting incident in Gravenhurst Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch New AED installed in Oro-Medonte Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
