https://www.ctvnews.ca/politics/conservative-mp-richard-lehoux-tests-positive-for-covid-19-party-says-1.5674825
Conservative MP Richard Lehoux tests positive for COVID-19, party says | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON POLITICS Conservative MP Richard Lehoux tests positive for COVID-19, party says The Canadian Press Staff Contact Published Saturday, November 20, 2021 6:40PM EST Last Updated Saturday, November 20, 2021 7:53PM EST Conservative Whip Blake Richards says Richard Lehoux, who represents Beauce in the House of Commons, is experiencing mild symptoms after testing positive for COVID-19. (THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick ) Share: Reddit Share Text: OTTAWA -- The Conservative party says a Quebec member of Parliament has tested positive for COVID-19. Conservative Whip Blake Richards says Richard Lehoux, who represents Beauce in the House of Commons, is experiencing only mild symptoms. He says Lehoux is fully vaccinated against the virus. The party says staffers have been made aware of the situation and are following public health guidance. Richards says Lehoux's diagnosis should serve as a reminder of the importance of physical distancing and mask-wearing. Richards didn't say when Lehoux was diagnosed, but the Conservatives wrapped up a two-day in-person caucus retreat on Thursday. Parliament resumes Monday, and Conservative Leader Erin O'Toole has so far declined to say how many of his caucus members are vaccinated against COVID-19. All 119 Conservative MPs have been cleared to enter the House on Monday when a vaccine mandate takes effect. That day, MPs must appear in person if they want to vote for Speaker, a position for which some Conservatives plan on running. All other federal party leaders with seats in the House have confirmed their members are fully vaccinated against COVID-19. As Opposition leader, O'Toole has previously said any MP he's tapped to take on a critic role will be ready to appear there. Lehoux was recently named to O'Toole's shadow cabinet as deputy shadow minister for agriculture, agri-food and food security. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 20, 2021. Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News Read More Politics News Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sen. Josee Forest-Niesing, 56, dies after battling COVID-19 and autoimmune condition Conservative MP Richard Lehoux tests positive for COVID-19, party says Feds have no plans to extend vaccine mandate to kids: Duclos Watch More Politics Stories false B.C. farmers work to care for animals left behind Air Date: November 19, 2021 false Dr. Sharma explains vaccine intervals for kids Air Date: November 19, 2021 false 2.9M doses of vaccine for children incoming Air Date: November 19, 2021 false PCR tests no longer needed for short trips: feds Air Date: November 19, 2021 false PCR testing talks 'direct, yet diplomatic' Air Date: November 18, 2021 false Trudeau speaks at opening of leaders summit Air Date: November 18, 2021 Advertisement NEED TO KNOW Cabinet building Full list and analysis of Justin Trudeau's 2021 Liberal cabinet Election 2021 results Track every election result in our interactive map Election in 6 charts Visualizations to help you understand the 2021 federal election Campaign pledges Here's what Trudeau's Liberals have promised for their third term Subscribe to our election alerts. Download the CTV News app now. DIVE DEEPER A politics newsletter Stay on top of what's happening on the Hill with Rachel Aiello's updates on the minority Parliament when it's in session. A weekly column Don Martin, the former host of CTV News Channel's Power Play posts his take on the federal politics issues of the day. An analysis on the numbers CTV News official pollster Nik Nanos gives you the latest political, business and social trends. LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
