https://vancouverisland.ctvnews.ca/couple-attacked-by-dog-in-campbell-river-rcmp-say-1.5675425
Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Island Close VANCOUVER ISLAND Search CTV Vancouver Island Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Sawatsky Sign-off Contests Events Video Latest All Video Hike the Island CTV News Live Video Help Last Laugh Shows News Programs CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Personalities Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs News Links Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver Island Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say The Campbell River RCMP detachment is shown: Nov. 24, 2020 (CTV News) Vancouver - Police in Campbell River say a husband and wife were sent to hospital earlier this month after being attacked by their dog. The incident occurred around noon on Nov. 12, according to a news release from Campbell River RCMP. Officers were called to "a known residence" on Wavecrest Road in the Stories Beach neighbourhood after a man "emerged from the home covered in blood," police said. When they arrived, officers found the 50-year-old resident outside. He told them his wife was inside and asked police to save her. "Officers entered the home to find the 50-year-old female suffering from multiple large gashes, punctures, and blood loss caused by the family Staffordshire Bull Terrier," police said in their release. Police administered first aid until paramedics arrived to take the couple to hospital, where the woman remained as of Friday, according to RCMP. The dog was also injured - allegedly by the owner - and was taken from the home by animal control, police said. "Incidents such as this are a grim reminder that police do not just exist as an investigative body, but also as the first responder to dangerous situations so that life-saving first aid can be rendered," said Campbell River RCMP spokesperson Const. Maury Tyre, in the release. "All of our officers are certified first aid attendants, with some having experience and previous training that stretches well beyond the basics provided in standard courses," Tyre added. "Quick initial attendance by such officers can be the difference between life and death." Top Stories Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding B.C. road report: Which highways are open now, and what is essential travel? Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
