https://northernontario.ctvnews.ca/covid-19-outbreak-declared-at-school-in-callander-ont-1.5673035
COVID-19 outbreak declared at school in Callander, Ont. | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Northern Ontario Close NORTHERN ONTARIO Search CTV Northern Ontario Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Northern COVID-19 News Northern Mining News Northern Federal Election Coverage Around the Region North Bay News Sault Ste. Marie News Sudbury News Timmins News Video Latest All Video CTV News Live OHL FILE Online Exclusive Video Help Northern Ontario Features Along for the Ride with CAA Ask An Expert Community Futures Northeastern Ontario Explore the Outdoors Fields to Forks Gardening Northern Artists Perform Pet Care Volunteer of the Month Shows News Programs CTV news at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Instagram Twitter Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Northern Ontario COVID-19 outbreak declared at school in Callander, Ont. Sudbury - A COVID-19 outbreak has been declared at a Callander elementary school after two kids from the same classroom were infected. North Bay Parry Sound District Health Unit has declared the outbreak at St. Theresa Catholic Elementary School after a second student tested positive for COVID-19 on Nov. 18. "The health unit was made aware of the first individual who tested positive for COVID-19 on Nov. 16," the health unit said in a news release Friday morning. "At that time, all parents and guardians were made aware, and the class was dismissed." All families of children who rode on East Ferris Bus Lines route 203 were contacted and that is when the second student was found to be infected. Families with children on route 245 were then contacted and advised of the next steps. "Parents/guardians of individuals who attend the childcare program at YMCA St. Theresa site have also been contacted and been dismissed," the health unit said. Because of the age of the students at the school, many are not yet eligible for the COVID-19 vaccine. The federal government is expected to make an announcement Friday about vaccinations for children ages five to 11. "We continue to work with St. Theresa Elementary School and the Nipissing-Parry Sound Catholic District School Board and thank them both for their quick response," Dr. Jim Chirico, the North Bay area medical officer of health said. This is the third active outbreak in the Nipissing District, with the other two involving long-term care and retirement homes. As of Thursday at 3 p.m., there are 23 active COVID-19 infections in the Nipissing and Parry Sound districts, with 21 in Nipissing alone. The area has recorded a total of 883 COVID-19 cases since the pandemic began, 852 have been resolved and eight people have died. There is just one person with COVID-19 currently hospitalized in the district. Of the residents in the district that are eligible for the vaccine, 83.6 per cent have been fully vaccinated and 87.2 have at least one dose. Top Stories Winter conditions close multiple major highways and several weather alerts issued Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Potential public exposures to COVID-19 reported on Temiskaming Transit routes PHU declares COVID-19 outbreak at Pope Francis Elementary School in Timmins Rooster among record number of animals at Sault Ste. Marie Humane Society Sudbury’s Salvation Army launches 'Christmas Kettle' campaign Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
