https://covid-19.ontario.ca/school-screening/
COVID-19 school screening Skip to main content Read the plan to safely reopen Ontario and continue to follow the restrictions and public health measures. françaisFR Home COVID-19 Last updated: October 29, 2021 Updates made to clarify reason for vaccination status question and to reiterate the need to stay home if you are sick with any symptoms. COVID-19 school and child care screening Answer the following questions to help you decide if you should or should not go to school/child care today. You must stay home if you have COVID-19 symptoms or are waiting for test results after experiencing symptoms. Everyone in your household (unless they are fully vaccinated) must also stay home until you get a negative COVID-19 test result, or you are cleared by public health, or you are diagnosed with another illness. Get a COVID-19 test (not a rapid antigen test) if you have symptoms of COVID-19 or are a contact of a known COVID-19 case. Anyone who is sick or has any symptoms of illness, including those not listed in this screening tool, should stay home and seek assessment from their health care provider if needed. This screening cannot diagnose you. If you have medical questions, consult a health care provider or your local public health unit. Listen to the advice of your local public health unit first, as their advice overrules the advice in this screening. You must screen for COVID-19 every day before going to school/child care. If your school board, child care provider, or public health unit has another screening process, you can use that instead. Start school screening Download school screening in English, French and other languages about Ontario This link will open in a new window. accessibility This link will open in a new window. news This link will open in a new window. privacy This link will open in a new window. terms of use This link will open in a new window. © Queen’s Printer for Ontario, 2012–20 This link will open in a new window.
