https://bc.ctvnews.ca/covid-19-update-b-c-adds-54-cases-ends-six-day-streak-without-a-death-1.5510326
COVID-19 update to reveal how many more cases were recorded in B.C. over 24 hours | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver COVID-19 update: B.C. adds 54 cases, ends six-day streak without a death A person wears a face mask and shield to curb the spread of COVID-19 while walking in Vancouver on Sunday, Dec. 6, 2020. (Darryl Dyck / THE CANADIAN PRESS) VANCOUVER - British Columbia reported 54 new cases of COVID-19 and one related death on Thursday. The province has identified a total of 148,282 coronavirus infections and suffered 1,761 related fatalities since the start of the pandemic. The latest update from the Ministry of Health ends a six-day streak that B.C. enjoyed without a single death related to the disease. The province's seven-day average for fatalities remains at 0.14 per day. Thursday's case increase left the rolling weekly average for infections at 42 per day, down slightly from 43 as of Wednesday. The Interior Health region recorded the highest number of new cases (20), followed closely by Fraser Health (19). There were nine cases in Vancouver Coastal Health, five in Island Health, and just one case in Northern Health. COVID-19 hospitalizations dipped to 63, though the number of patients battling the disease in intensive care increased to 12, up one from Wednesday. B.C. has administered 5,942,064 doses of the Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna and AstraZeneca vaccines so far, including enough first doses to cover 79 per cent of the eligible population age 12 and up. Just under 49 per cent of the eligible population has received both doses. There remains only one outbreak across B.C.'s health-care system, at Surrey Memorial Hospital's Laurel Place. Of all the COVID-19 infections identified in the province, 98 per cent – or 145,850 people – have recovered. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
