https://www.ctvnews.ca/coronavirus
COVID-19 Canada | CTV News | Coronavirus Skip to main content Live Search CTV News Close Search CTV News Close NEWS Coronavirus Canada Residential Schools World Entertainment Politics Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Business Weather 5 Things to Know Don Martin Blog Autos W5 Photo Galleries Newsletters VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 Pop Life LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Pop Life Schedule ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team COVID-19 Canada | CTV News | Coronavirus Coronavirus Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. 'I lost everything': Guadeloupe riots overtake COVID-19 protest Residents in the Caribbean island of Guadeloupe, an overseas territory of France, expressed dismay Sunday after protests against COVID-19 restrictions erupted into rioting and looting for the third day in a row, prompting French authorities to send in police special forces. Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Health officials in Ontario reported another 741 cases of COVID-19 on Sunday as well as three more deaths related to the disease. More Stories Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths Quebec reported on Sunday that 707 more people have tested positive for COVID-19, with 413 of those not fully vaccinated. N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated Health officials in New Brunswick are reporting 90 new cases of COVID-19 on Sunday, along with 43 recoveries, as the total number of active cases increases to 640. Sask. reports 62 new COVID-19 cases, 1 death The Government of Saskatchewan reported 62 new cases of COVID-19 on Sunday and one more death. Vaccine superheroes: Experts impressed with communications that target children Canadian health units and science communication groups are trying to find ways to inspire young audiences to get the COVID-19 vaccine. Conservative MP Richard Lehoux tests positive for COVID-19, party says The Conservative party says a Quebec member of Parliament has tested positive for COVID-19. Canada closing its border to unvaccinated athletes on Jan. 15 Canada is closing its border to unvaccinated professional and amateur athletes as of Jan. 15, 2022. Dutch police arrest more than 30 amid ongoing unrest Dutch police have arrested more than 30 people during unrest in The Hague and other towns in the Netherlands that followed an 'orgy of violence' the previous night at a protest against COVID-19 restrictions. Feds have no plans to extend vaccine mandate to kids: Duclos The federal government says it has no plans to enforce a vaccine mandate for children, as Health Canada green lights the first COVID-19 vaccine for those aged five to 11 years old. Health Minister Jean-Yves Duclos says, as it stands now, Ottawa won't apply the same mobility restrictions to children as they have to adults travelling in and out of the country. Longer wait between doses of Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine for Canadian kids recommended Canada’s National Advisory Committee on Immunization is recommending an eight-week interval between doses for the newly approved Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine for children between five and 11 years of age, rather than the three weeks approved by Health Canada. It will ultimately be up to provinces to decide which interval is best. 3 cases of COVID-19 reported at first-ever outbreak at Alberta Children's Hospital Health authorities say three cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed at the Alberta Children's Hospital, prompting an outbreak status at the facility of the first time in the pandemic. Eight Ottawa Senators players, assistant coach removed from COVID-19 protocol The Ottawa Senators say eight players and an assistant coach have been removed from the NHL's COVID-19 protocol. P.E.I. reports four new cases of COVID-19 Saturday; 16 active remain Prince Edward Island is reporting four new cases of COVID-19 on Saturday. Watch Health Reports Will the pandemic amplify seasonal depression? How COVID-19, flu and cold symptoms can differ SickKids assessing virus risk factors in Black communities How to keep your family safe from carbon monoxide Are hospitals ready to handle second wave of COVID-19? For some COVID patients, stroke is first symptom: new study Experts urge against avoiding hospitals during COVID-19 Are Canada's hospitals ready for flu season and COVID-19? WEEKLY NEWSLETTER Sign up to receive the most important COVID-19 updates in your inbox once a week Newsletter INTERACTIVES Re-opening Canada COVID-19 vaccine booster eligibility by province and territory in Canada Although booster shots and third doses of COVID-19 vaccines aren't currently recommended for most Canadians, additional doses are being made available to certain populations or those who need to travel for work based on their province or territory of residence. Canada closing its border to unvaccinated athletes on Jan. 15 Canada is closing its border to unvaccinated professional and amateur athletes as of Jan. 15, 2022. Canada drops molecular COVID-19 test requirement for short trips abroad As of Nov. 30, fully vaccinated Canadians and permanent residents returning home after short trips to the United States and abroad will no longer have to provide proof of a negative molecular test, such as a PCR test. 5th wave 'a risk' as Albertans gather inside, Hinshaw warns As temperatures begin to drop and Albertans start heading indoors, the province’s top doctor is reminding people to be vigilant of COVID-19 during the cooler months. Health minister promises announcement soon on COVID-19 border measure changes The federal government will announce changes to COVID-19 prevention measures at the Canadian border 'very soon,' Health Minister Jean-Yves Duclos said Tuesday. 'Super easy': How Canadian travellers are getting free COVID-19 tests to return home from U.S. Despite the Canada-U.S. land border now being open, some travellers say the mandatory negative molecular COVID-19 test required to return to Canada, which can cost more than the equivalent of C$150, has them continuing to forgo trips. However, some Canadians report being able to find these tests for free in the U.S. through a government-funded program offered across all states. Alberta now requires vaccine record with QR code for its passport program Alberta residents will now need more than a paper record from a COVID-19 vaccine clinic if they want to sit down at a restaurant, work out at a gym or enter indoor venues like arenas or movie theatres. How COVID-19 Affects Me Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays With the holiday season just around the corner and vaccinations a source of tension and conflict among some family members, CTVNews.ca looks at some best practices to keep the peace -- and everyone safe. Vaccine superheroes: Experts impressed with communications that target children Canadian health units and science communication groups are trying to find ways to inspire young audiences to get the COVID-19 vaccine. High-risk Canadians now advised to wear medical face masks: PHAC The Public Health Agency of Canada is now recommending those at risk of higher exposure and more severe disease outcomes from COVID-19 wear a medical face mask. Feds to lift PCR test requirement for short trips The federal government will be lifting the PCR test requirement for fully vaccinated travellers returning to Canada after short trips within 72 hours, CTV News has confirmed. The PCR test requirement will remain in effect for longer trips. Diabetes is a 'pandemic of unprecedented magnitude,' and experts fear COVID-19 may make it worse Despite a century of advancements in treatment, education and prevention, World Diabetes Day 2021 occurs in the wake of grim statistics. One in 10 adults around the world -- some 537 million people -- are currently living with diabetes, according to figures recently released by the International Diabetes Federation. Your Finances Documents show impact of federal pandemic-era benefits on seniors, families Internal government documents are providing the clearest picture yet of the impact that emergency aid is having on federal support to low-income seniors and families. Criminal entities defrauded COVID-19 benefit programs: intelligence reports Canada's financial intelligence branch says various criminal entities have engaged in scams to access government pandemic aid in the first several months of the benefits' launch. Two-thirds of Canadians want pandemic aid lowered or to end: Nanos Two-thirds of Canadians say the federal government's pandemic-related benefits should either be lowered or completely end, according to a new survey by Nanos Research. 'Hassle cost' of COVID-19 test may dissuade shoppers from crossing Canada-U.S. border, expert says The cost of a PCR test for COVID-19 may make cross-border shopping less appealing for some Canadians, one expert says. Buy holiday gifts earlier than usual or face empty shelves, retailers warn Because of supply-chain woes, retailers and toy experts are warning Christmas shoppers to buy earlier than usual or they’ll face empty shelves this holiday season. In-depth with Avis Favaro CAR T-cell therapy: Canadian patient in landmark trial shares his story A national cancer treatment trial called CAR T-cell therapy, which engineers a patient’s own immune system to fight the disease, is showing great promise for patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia and non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma who stopped responding to other treatments. Indigenous families disproportionately affected by 'birth alerts'; B.C. lawsuit seeks damages A new class-action lawsuit has been filed in B.C., with another soon expected in Ontario, seeking justice for a disturbing practice that has split up hundreds of parents and newborn infants, with Indigenous and racialized families disproportionately affected. U.S. unveils COVID-19 vaccine rollout for children as Canada plans its own U.S. officials have outlined a plan to roll out two doses of the Pfizer vaccine formulated for children aged 5-11 in the coming weeks — provided that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves Pfizer’s safety and efficacy data. Colin Powell's death from COVID-19 complications despite vaccination reminder immunocompromised at higher risk The recent death of Colin Powell, the first Black U.S. secretary of state, due to COVID-19 complications is a small warning, experts say, reinforcing that those of advanced age or with health complications are still at a greater risk than other vaccinated populations. Experts warn the flu could make a comeback this winter Last winter, the flu was almost nonexistent due to lockdowns and public health measures aimed at cutting down COVID-19 cases, but experts are warning that this year, we may see a resurgence. How the early work of a Canadian scientist and his team made the COVID-19 vaccines possible The story of how the groundbreaking mRNA vaccines were developed to help the world fight COVID-19 is a fascinating one — but it’s been missing a key part, according to a scientist who says a fundamental aspect of these vaccines was originally developed by a small team in Canada. Sask. health-care workers on the brink of being overwhelmed as COVID-19 ICU cases climb Inside hospitals across Saskatchewan, which has one of the lowest vaccination rates in the country, health-care workers are reporting a worsening crisis, with record-breaking COVID-19 hospitalizations pushing the health-care system to the brink. Inside an Ontario ICU where the COVID-19 patients are largely young, and all unvaccinated The truth of the fourth wave of COVID-19 in Canada is starkly clear inside the intensive care unit at Hamilton General, where the majority of the COVID-19 patients struggling on life support are young — and unvaccinated. Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes The Halifax Regional Municipality's Emergency Management Division is closely monitoring the weather forecast as a series of low pressure systems make their way towards the Maritimes. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. One man is dead and another is in critical condition after a fire at a restaurant in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert The City of Chilliwack says the breach in the Sumas River dike in Abbotsford has been repaired, and that it's able to lift an evacuation alert for Chilliwack residents near the Abbotsford border as a result. World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco About 80 people, some wearing ski masks and wielding crowbars, ransacked a high-end department store in the San Francisco Bay Area, assaulting employees and stealing merchandise before fleeing in cars waiting outside. Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Two onetime outsiders hailing from opposite extremes of the political spectrum received the most votes Sunday in Chile's presidential election but failed to garner enough support for an outright win, setting up what's likely to be a polarizing runoff in the region's most advanced economy. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki warned on Sunday that the migrant crisis on the Belarus border may be a prelude to 'something much worse.' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive A taxi driver injured when his passenger's homemade bomb exploded in Liverpool a week ago said it's a 'miracle' he is alive. Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai has taken part in a 30-minute video call from Beijing with IOC officials and told them she was safe and well, the Olympic body said on Sunday. Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Mackenzie Hughes of Dundas, Ont., closed with an 8-under 62 Sunday at the RSM Classic to finish in second place, three strokes behind winner Talor Gooch of the U.S. Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Tiger Woods posted a short video showing him hitting golf balls on a driving range on Sunday, nine months after the 15-time major champion suffered serious leg injuries that required surgery following a car crash in Southern California. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tesla Inc chief Elon Musk said on Friday that the company's mobile application was coming back online after an app server outage earlier prevented many owners from connecting to their cars. Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America. Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
