https://regina.ctvnews.ca/photo-galleries
CTV Regina Photos | Image galleries from Regina and surrounding areas Skip to Main Content CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Regina Search X News Video Weather Morning Live Contests Yorkton About Local Video CTV News at Six CTV News at Five CTV News at 11:30 CTV News at Noon CTV Morning Live CTV News Yorkton Features Latest video Sports Wheatland Cafe Indigenous Circle Crime Stoppers #JustCurious Interviews CTV Morning Live Noon News Interviews LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Sections About Us Contact Us Our Community Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Instagram More About Bell Media CTV Schedule CTV News Channel LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Region Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Advertisement CTV Regina Photos | Image galleries from Regina and surrounding areas Photo Galleries Featured Gallery Regina Remembrance Day Service 2018 A Remembrance Day service was held at the Brandt Centre in Regina on Nov. 11, 2018. Past Galleries Humboldt Broncos home opener The Humboldt Broncos opened their season in front of a sold out crowd at Elgar Petersen Arena on Sept. 12, 2018. Humboldt Hockey Day Washington Capitals forward Chandler Stephenson brought the Stanley Cup to Humboldt on Aug. 24, 2018. McMorris Foundation Celebrity Slow Pitch Tournament Celebrities hit the diamonds for the McMorris Foundation Slow Pitch Tournament on Aug. 10, 2018 (Katherine Hill / CTV Regina) Queen City Pride Parade 2018 The annual Queen City Pride Parade took to the streets of Regina on Saturday June 16, 2018. Riders hold practice, community event in Humboldt The Saskatchewan Roughriders took their camp on the road on June 3, travelling to Humboldt and hosting a community barbecue. (Katherine Hill / CTV Regina) 100th Memorial Cup Final The Acadia-Bathurst Titan defeated the Regina Pats in the 2018 Memorial Cup Final on May 27, 2018. (Colton Wiens / CTV Regina) Award Winning Toilets The Saskatchewan Science Centre has won an International Toilet Tourism Award for their newly renovated second floor washrooms. Sask. Fashion Week 2018, IN PICTURES: Labour Day Classic Tailgate Party 2016 Football fans flocked to the old Mosaic Stadium to celebrate the last Labour Day Classic at Taylor Field. PM Trudeau visits Fort Qu'Appelle See photos from Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's visit to Fort Qu'Appelle. Dionne Warner - Citizen of the Year Dionne Warner is the 2015 CTV Regina Citizen of the Year. Supermoon eclipse over Saskatchewan See viewer photos of the rare supermoon eclipse over Saskatchewan. 2015 Queen City Ex See photos from the 132nd Queen City Ex at Evraz Place in Regina. Stunning lightning show in Saskatchewan See photos of the thunderstorms that brought lightning, rain and hail to Saskatchewan. CTV Hometown Tour visits Cupar See photos from the CTV Hometown Tour's visit to Cupar. Northern Saskatchewan wildfires Wildfires force evacuations in northern Saskatchewan. Wildfire smoke blankets much of Saskatchewan Thick smoke from northern wildfires leaves a haze across most of Saskatchewan. Farm Progress Show kicks off in Regina See photos from the 2015 installment of Canada's Farm Progress Show at Evraz Place in Regina. Remembering D-Day in Regina Dozens of people gathered at Victoria Park in Regina to commemorate the 71st anniversary of D-Day. Grazing goats at Regina's Wascana Centre Wascana Centre Authority is once again bringing in a herd of hungry goats to graze on invasive weeds in its habitat conservation area. Regina Weather Change city -8 °CPartly cloudy View more weather conditions What's making news Winnipeg girl, 11, undergoing liver transplant surgery An 11-year-old Winnipeg girl who waited eight months for a liver transplant is now in surgery, according to a family spokesperson. In a Facebook post, Tina Lussier said that Allexis Siebrecht was taken into surgery at Toronto General Hospital early Monday morning. Mike Duffy trial poised to stretch into August Could the prime minister's former chief staff and several senior Tory senators wind up testifying at Sen. Mike Duffy's trial just as the federal election campaign gets underway? This scenario is becoming increasingly likely. Outrage erupts after police shoot bear dead Social media users are expressing their outrage after police shot a black bear as it climbed down a tree in a backyard north of Toronto. Tories to support NDP motion to ban pay-to-pay fees charged by big banks The Harper government says it will support an NDP motion to abolish banking fees charged to people who receive paper bills. Website 'extortion'? New domain '.sucks' for businesses A soon-to-be-launched Internet domain name is going to really suck for some business owners, who are being pressured into paying high fees to prevent online "trolls" from attacking their brands. Family questions Canadian's death at Laos airport The family of an Edmonton man who died under mysterious circumstances while on vacation in Southeast Asia is calling on Ottawa to help them get answers. Father gets $7,800 bill after reuniting with long-lost daughter A Montreal father was surprised to learn he owed thousands of dollars in retroactive parental fees after he reunited with his long-lost daughter, now 18 years old. Advertisement Advertisement Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards and Policies Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Barrie CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Guelph CTV News Kitchener CTV News Lethbridge CTV News London CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Prince Albert CTV News Red Deer CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Vancouver Island CTV News Windsor CTV News Winnipeg CTV News Yorkton CTV Two Atlantic Alberta CTV News Barrie CTV News London Ottawa CTV News Windsor CTV News Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News App Video Help Subscribe to Newsletters Manage Subscriptions View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021 All rights reserved. Back to top
