https://www.ctvnews.ca/
CTV News | Canada News | Top Stories Skip to main content Live Search CTV News Close Search CTV News Close NEWS Coronavirus Canada Residential Schools World Entertainment Politics Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Business Weather 5 Things to Know Don Martin Blog Autos W5 Photo Galleries Newsletters VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 Pop Life LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Pop Life Schedule ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team CTV News | Canada News | Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Two of 17 members of a missionary group who were kidnapped more than a month ago have been freed in Haiti and are safe, "in good spirits and being cared for," their Ohio-based church organization announced Sunday. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert The City of Chilliwack says the breach in the Sumas River dike in Abbotsford has been repaired, and that it's able to lift an evacuation alert for Chilliwack residents near the Abbotsford border as a result. Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Queen Elizabeth II attended a double christening on Sunday for two of her great-grandchildren. Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert The crisis in B.C. will contribute to the ongoing mental health issues surrounding the anxiety and depression some people have in response to climate change and the extreme weather events tied to it, an expert says. Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Concern over the vaccination status of Conservative MPs was front and centre on the eve of a new session of Parliament after one of them tested positive for COVID-19. Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Researchers have confirmed the presence of carbon dioxide ‘cold traps’ on the moon, an important discovery that is integral to potential long-term robot or human presence there, they say Top Videos Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Canada seeks solutions over U.S. trade issues, supply chain Feds, B.C. announce joint supply chain recover working group Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai appears at Beijing tournament Coronavirus Coverage EDITORS' PICKS Feds have no plans to extend vaccine mandate to kids: Duclos The federal government says it has no plans to enforce a vaccine mandate for children, as Health Canada green lights the first COVID-19 vaccine for those aged five to 11 years old. Health Minister Jean-Yves Duclos says, as it stands now, Ottawa won't apply the same mobility restrictions to children as they have to adults travelling in and out of the country. B.C. man finishes 160 km charity run in honour of late friend B.C. resident Josh Sloan crossed the finish line of a 160 kilometre charity run in Surrey, B.C. Saturday as a tribute to his late teacher and friend. A Muslim burial for a migrant whose life ended near the Poland-Belarus border It is no surprise that the autocratic leader of Belarus would seek to weaponize poor migrants, and send them into battle against his political enemies, writes London Bureau Chief Paul Workman in an exclusive piece for CTVNews.ca. Three-year-old Dylan Ehler disappeared in seconds. His family wants changes to the missing child alert system W5’s one hour special investigation airing Saturday at 7 p.m. digs into the disappearance in Truro, N.S. in May of 2020, raising critical questions about the police and search and rescue mission. Canada in discussions with 'closest partners' on possible Olympic boycott Canada will continue to discuss with its partners a potential diplomatic boycott of the 2022 Winter Olympic Games in Beijing, a foreign affairs spokesperson says, amid the recent disappearance of Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai. Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays With the holiday season just around the corner and vaccinations a source of tension and conflict among some family members, CTVNews.ca looks at some best practices to keep the peace -- and everyone safe. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Can invasive species replace extinct birds? Not quite, scientists say New research suggests that introducing invasive species to ecosystems to replace extinct birds is not an effective solution. 'I can't sleep': Survivors of B.C. floods, mudslides recall harrowing escapes B.C. residents who survived the harrowing mudslide on Highway 7 and the record-setting flooding in Merritt share their first-hand experiences with CTV News as the province continues to reel from devastating rainfall. Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz LIVE ON CTVNEWS.CA Parliament returns Nov. 22 Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes The Halifax Regional Municipality's Emergency Management Division is closely monitoring the weather forecast as a series of low pressure systems make their way towards the Maritimes. Charity campaign provides much-needed beds for First Nations A charity campaign is aiming to provide 1,000 bed sets for First Nations reserves, hoping to tackle the sleep inequity affecting these remote northern communities. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. One man is dead and another is in critical condition after a fire at a restaurant in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco About 80 people, some wearing ski masks and wielding crowbars, ransacked a high-end department store in the San Francisco Bay Area, assaulting employees and stealing merchandise before fleeing in cars waiting outside. Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Two onetime outsiders hailing from opposite extremes of the political spectrum received the most votes Sunday in Chile's presidential election but failed to garner enough support for an outright win, setting up what's likely to be a polarizing runoff in the region's most advanced economy. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki warned on Sunday that the migrant crisis on the Belarus border may be a prelude to 'something much worse.' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive A taxi driver injured when his passenger's homemade bomb exploded in Liverpool a week ago said it's a 'miracle' he is alive. CTV News on the Go Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Dan Riskin reports that when a species of bird goes extinct, the void it leaves behind can never be filled by the species that replace it. Four-eared cat becomes social media icon Meet Midas, a cat from Turkey that was born with four ears due to a rare genetic condition. W5 Preview: Heartbreaking search for a missing N.S. boy W5 speaks to the father of Dylan Ehler, a three-year-old boy who disappeared while visiting his grandmother at her home in Truro, N.S. 'I thought I was gonna die': B.C. man stranded by flooding Jordan Jongema tells the harrowing story of how he and his Bernese mountain dog Bowser were rescued from his flooded home in Yarrow, B.C. How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. Bear freed after 28 days with its head stuck in a container This bear was freed by Fla. wildlife officers after spending 28 days with its head stuck in a plastic container. Winter sports athletes gather in the Alps for stunning video The X-Project event combined extreme sports in the Engadin region of the Swiss Alps. Local Highlights 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. CFL all-time passing leader Anthony Calvillo becomes a Canadian citizen The man who's passed for more yards than anyone in CFL history - Anthony Calvillo - is now a Canadian. Canadian soldier sentenced to jail in first-of-its-kind cannabis cupcake case A Canadian soldier will spend up to 30 days in jail for drugging her comrades with cannabis-laced cupcakes during a live-fire training exercise in 2018. Overdue library book returned to Vancouver branch nearly 70 years later The phrase "better late than never" applies to library books too, it turns out. A book recently returned to a branch of the Vancouver Public Library was decades overdue. Sask. bison help archaeologist uncover 'rare' 1,000 year old petroglyph Rock carvings from more than a thousand years ago have been discovered at Wanuskewin Heritage Park. Northern Ontario man renovating business finds decades-old bottles of Guinness behind wall When Wayne Wallace was renovating his new computer business on Main Street in Powassan, he found some beer and liquor bottles which he determined are decades-old. Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch The company behind the push to build Canada's first commercial spaceport, to be located on the tip of northeastern Nova Scotia, announced on Friday the first payload client for its initial rocket launch, which it expects near the end of 2023. Court to hear legal challenge to Manitoba PC Leadership race The legal challenge by Shelly Glover over the Manitoba Progressive Conservative Leadership contest will be heard in court on December 23. 69-year-old Toronto woman who posed as man on dating sites tricked women out of millions of dollars: police A Toronto woman who pretended to be a man online and tricked women out of millions of dollars has been arrested, police say. STAY CONNECTED Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Two months after the 2021 federal election, the 44th Parliament officially begins on Monday, a speech from the throne on Tuesday. The first few days will include a heavy dose of procedure, but also a series of key decisions. One big difference this time around is the vaccine mandate. How will it all work? Here's a rundown of some of the key elements involved in the opening of the new Parliament. Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Federal employment Minister Carla Qualtrough says British Columbians displaced or left jobless due to extreme flooding should immediately apply for employment insurance benefits - even if they wouldn't normally be eligible. Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Concern over the vaccination status of Conservative MPs was front and centre on the eve of a new session of Parliament after one of them tested positive for COVID-19. Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll The British government is investigating whether built-in racial bias in some medical devices led to Black and Asian people getting sick and dying disproportionately from COVID-19. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling WhatsApp is adding more details to its privacy policy and flagging that information for European users, after Irish regulators slapped the chat service with a record fine for breaching strict EU data privacy rules. Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Researchers have confirmed the presence of carbon dioxide ‘cold traps’ on the moon, an important discovery that is integral to potential long-term robot or human presence there, they say Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Simu Liu hosted 'Saturday Night Live' for the first time over the weekend. Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 The actor Art LaFleur -- known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams' -- has died at the age of 78. Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees When it comes to her art, Adele has a certain way she likes things to be done. Following the release of her fourth album '30,' the shuffle button is no longer the default option for album listening on Spotify -- but rather listeners will hear the tracks in their listed order. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. Charity campaign provides much-needed beds for First Nations A charity campaign is aiming to provide 1,000 bed sets for First Nations reserves, hoping to tackle the sleep inequity affecting these remote northern communities. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai has taken part in a 30-minute video call from Beijing with IOC officials and told them she was safe and well, the Olympic body said on Sunday. Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Mackenzie Hughes of Dundas, Ont., closed with an 8-under 62 Sunday at the RSM Classic to finish in second place, three strokes behind winner Talor Gooch of the U.S. Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Tiger Woods posted a short video showing him hitting golf balls on a driving range on Sunday, nine months after the 15-time major champion suffered serious leg injuries that required surgery following a car crash in Southern California. Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tesla Inc chief Elon Musk said on Friday that the company's mobile application was coming back online after an app server outage earlier prevented many owners from connecting to their cars. Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America. Climate and Environment Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert The crisis in B.C. will contribute to the ongoing mental health issues surrounding the anxiety and depression some people have in response to climate change and the extreme weather events tied to it, an expert says. B.C. officials warn of storm expected to hit the province Environment Canada is warning that another rain storm is headed for British Columbia's North Coast. Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Environment Canada working on ranking system for atmospheric rivers, B.C. minister says In the wake of the atmospheric river that brought devastating floods and mudslides to B.C. this week, Environment Canada is developing a new ranking system for the weather pattern, according to Deputy Premier and Minister of Public Safety Mike Farnworth. Can invasive species replace extinct birds? Not quite, scientists say New research suggests that introducing invasive species to ecosystems to replace extinct birds is not an effective solution. Opinion OPINION OPINION | Don Martin: With Trudeau's return as a target, worst might be over for O'Toole The worst may now be behind Conservative Leader Erin O’Toole as his party prepares to return to Parliament in five days to take aim at the real target, specifically Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, writes Don Martin in his latest column for CTVNews.ca. OPINION OPINION | Tom Mulcair: Trudeau steps up on climate at COP26 There’s been a lot of debate as to whether the UN climate summit in Glasgow was a success or failure. In his latest column for CTVNews.ca, former NDP leader Tom Mulcair calls it a ‘turning point’ for Canada on the world stage, and that we’ve finally taken a leadership role in sustainable development. OPINION OPINION | Don Martin: The friendly face of Erin O'Toole's worst nightmare The friendliest MP has become Erin O'Toole's deadliest foe as Marilyn Gladu steps forward as the personification of internal caucus sympathy, if not support, for anti-vaccination forces, Don Martin writes in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca. OPINION OPINION | Tom Mulcair: Language back on frontburner Language issues have always been a part of the Canadian political fabric. Mostly dormant in recent years, the issue of bilingualism, or lack of it, just came roaring back into the news as the president of Air Canada stumbled into a quagmire of his own making, writes former NDP Leader Tom Mulcair in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca. OPINION OPINION | Don Martin: Does Trudeau love all of Canada? That's a good question now. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s single-minded takedown of oilsands production is like banning Christmas tree sales so he can start delivering on his three-year-old pledge to expand our forests by two billion trees, a promise that has yet to take root, Don Martin writes in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca. W5 HIGHLIGHTS Three-year-old Dylan Ehler disappeared in seconds. His family wants changes to the missing child alert system W5’s one hour special investigation airing Saturday at 7 p.m. digs into the disappearance in Truro, N.S. in May of 2020, raising critical questions about the police and search and rescue mission. W5 Investigation W5 Investigation | Private investigator hunts for clues in missing patient cases at North Bay Psychiatric Hospital W5 investigates: Dawn Carisse went missing from the North Bay Psychiatric Hospital more than 2 decades ago. She vanished without a trace. Now a private investigator turned podcaster is finding new clues for her family. A rare look inside the private life of Jody Wilson-Raybould Saturday on W5: Sandie Rinaldo is given a very rare look inside the private life of a very private public figure -- former federal justice minister and attorney general Jody Wilson-Raybould. Sexual abuse in the military: Soldiers speak of systemic problems in a 'toxic culture' W5 investigates sexual misconduct in the military, and interviews Canadian soldiers who claim they were sexually abused while serving their country. Taking on Iran: How Canada could respond to downed Flight 752 investigation Now that Iran has issued its final technical report about Flight 752, which was downed by a surface-to-air missile from Iran's military in January 2020, W5 investigates what Canada's options are to respond to the "incomplete" investigation. Exclusive: W5 finds more than 2K civilians killed in airplane shootdowns since Second World War While investigating the tragedy of flight PS752 in which a civilian passenger plane was shot down by the Iranian military in January 2020, W5 found numerous reports of shootdowns of civilian planes by militaries and combatants around the world. We went looking for statistics on how many lives have been lost in this unimaginable manner. Patients and families tied to potential mystery brain disease speak out about neurologist Dr. Marrero W5 investigates a potentially mysterious brain disease that has affected dozens of people in New Brunswick and has residents concerned. Why industrial farm animals could be the source of the next pandemic Experts warn the next pandemic could come sooner than you think, and that unless changes are made to industrial farming practices worldwide, it could spark a virus more deadly than COVID-19. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
