https://bc.ctvnews.ca/more/photo-galleries
CTV News Vancouver | Photos Sign up now for local breaking news alerts Subscribe Skip to Main Content CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News at Six Search CTV Vancouver Search X News Video Weather Traffic Morning Live Contests About Local News Sections Real Estate News Sports McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3800 Club Sections Community Connection Sections Latest News CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 Sports The Last Word Morning Smile In Your Community LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help About CTV NEWS VANCOUVER Contact Us About Us Frequently Asked Questions Newsletters & Alerts CTV News Channel Region Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Advertisement CTV Vancouver | Photo Galleries CTV News Vancouver | Photos Animals rescued from Lytton, B.C. after fire The BC SPCA is sharing photos of some of the 41 animals rescued from Lytton, B.C. after the devastating fire there late last month. As of July 9, 11 of the rescued animals had been reunited with their owners. Others were still in SPCA care until their owners were ready to take them back. (Photos courtesy of BC SPCA) In pictures: Canucks vs. Flames on May 16, 2021 IN PICTURES With only three games left in what should prove to be one of the tumultuous seasons in team history, the Canucks offered up an improbable four-goal, third-period comeback that was ultimately capped by a 6-5 overtime loss. Tour the 'Granny's Exotic Lounge' nightclub busted by police IN PICTURES Photo exhibits from the trial of Mohammad Movassaghi offer a glimpse inside the illegal nightclub busted by Vancouver police in a penthouse apartment back in January. Vancouver Canucks vs. Toronto Maple Leafs at Rogers Arena IN PICTURES It was a night overshadowed by the passing of hockey's greatest dad, Walter Gretzky at the age of 82. The Toronto Maple Leafs holding the top spot in the all-Canadian division rolled into town but it was the Canucks who came away with a 3-1 victory. They managed to do this without their superstar Elias Pettersson who was absent in Thursday's lineup. Not distracted by all of the trade rumours surrounding him, Jake Virtanen picked up the slack by providing two huge goals. The Canucks will try to keep Auston Matthews off of the score sheet again on Saturday. Home opener: Vancouver Canucks vs. Montreal Canadiens IN PICTURES The Vancouver Canucks won their first home game of the shortened NHL season against the Montreal Canadiens. Cranberry harvest in Richmond captured from above IN PICTURES Photos show an aerial view of the cranberry harvest in Richmond in November 2020. Weather Watch: Viewer photo of the day IN PICTURES Photos submitted by viewers through CTV News Vancouver's Weather Watch app show the scenic views, weather and wildlife in our region. Archival photos: Happy birthday to Stanley Park IN PICTURES The City of Vancouver officially opened the park, named after Lord Frederick Stanley, at a ceremony on Sept. 27, 1888. Vancouver artist hopes pinata pet show delivers some positivity during this 'bananas' time Artist Meaghan Kennedy has made pinata likenesses of 39 Vancouver dogs, which are on display at a downtown coffee shop. Photos of Vancouver Island's Windstorm: Oct. 13, 2020 IN PICTURES High winds that triggered warnings across Vancouver Island brought down trees and knocked down power to tens of thousands of BC Hydro customers in mid-October. Wildfire smoke seeps north of the border, blankets Metro Vancouver IN PICTURES Heavy smoke and poor air quality in the Vancouver area have been caused by the wildfires burning south of the border. Hundreds of shoes hung on Vancouver bridge in powerful reminder of overdose deaths IN PICTURES Pairs of shoes line Vancouver's Burrard Street Bridge in memory of those who have died of overdose. New exhibit in Vancouver from the Chinese Canadian Museum of B.C. IN PICTURES The Chinese Canadian Museum of British Columbia's first exhibit, "A Seat at the Table," is shown in Vancouver's Chinatown. Canucks go White vs. Blue in training camp scrimmage IN PICTURES The Vancouver Canucks ramp up the intensity at training camp with a Blue vs. White inter-squad scrimmage at Rogers Arena. In photos: Owlets learn to fly and hunt in Delta, B.C. For the past six weeks, Jon Lavoie has been watching a family of great horned owls feed, grow and learn to hunt, and he's captured the fine feathered family in a series of stunning photos. Vancouver Canucks begin training camp at Rogers Arena IN PICTURES The Vancouver Canucks begin training camp in advance of the upcoming NHL season restart. Portrait series shows health-care workers on and off the frontline IN PICTURES An anesthesiologist in Vancouver created portraits of his colleagues on and off the frontline of the COVID-19 fight. A house once owned by a member of the Group of Seven is for sale in B.C. for $799K A home that once belonged to a member of a famed group of Canadian painters is for sale in North Vancouver, B.C. Photos show B.C.'s first major wildfire of 2020 The BC Wildfire Service says an aggressive blaze near Squamish is being held at one-square kilometre in size but residents pushed out by the flames say several homes have been lost. Touching photos show Vancouver hospital workers pausing to acknowledge cheers Photos captured Sunday show that health-care workers are hearing community efforts to cheer them on. In pictures: VPD retiree captures shots of short-eared owl in flight A former member of the Vancouver Police Department, who is now a nature photographer and avid birder, shared his shots with CTV News Vancouver. Latest Videos false Protesters show solidarity to B.C. Indigenous land defenders false Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand false Death toll from B.C. mudslide rises to 4 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Signs of hope in Abbotsford as repairs continue Air Date: November 20, 2021 More CTV Vancouver videos Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards and Policies Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Barrie CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Guelph CTV News Kitchener CTV News Lethbridge CTV News London CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Prince Albert CTV News Red Deer CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Vancouver Island CTV News Windsor CTV News Winnipeg CTV News Yorkton CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News App Video Help Subscribe to Newsletters Manage Subscriptions View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021 All rights reserved. Back to top
