https://calgary.ctvnews.ca/more/calgary-contests
CTV News Calgary | Local News Contests and Promotions Skip to Main Content CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Calgary Search X News Video Weather Morning Live Contests Traffic About Local News Sections Home CTV Morning Live Lethbridge Poll Results Sports PostScript Inspired Our Community Calgary Contests Athlete of the Week Weather Weather Photo Galleries News CTV News at Noon CTV News at 5 CTV News at 6 CTV News at 11:30 More News CTV Morning Live CTV Lethbridge Sky Watch Weather Local Sports Highlights Featured Videos Inspired Athlete of the Week Features Documentaries & Specials What's Trending LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Morning Live CTV Morning Live Calgary ML Latest Videos Live with Lane Social Facebook Twitter Instagram LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help About Us About Us Contact Us Subscribe Email Alerts Advertising Advertise with CTV Calgary Region Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Advertisement CTV News Calgary | Local News Contests and Promotions Calgary Contests Select the Contest you wish to enter to open the Contest Page WIN MORE Check out some of the other great prizes you could win from our iHeartRadio friends! GENERAL CONTEST RULES You must not have won with CTV Calgary in the past 90 days. No purchase necessary. Must correctly answer, unaided, a mathematical skill testing question to be declared a prize winner. The odds of winning depend upon the total number of eligible entries received during the contest period. Winners will be contacted via the email used to enter. For contest prizing that has a short turnaround winners will be contacted by the phone number used to enter. Please ensure that your email and phone number are correct when entering. To claim your prize, in addition to the information supplied to you at the time of confirmation, please remember you must bring along valid picture ID. Prizes can only be picked up during regular business hours (Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 4:30pm, closed on holidays) at 80 Patina Rise S.W., Calgary. If you have won a prize and are unable to pick up your prize during regular business hours, you may have someone else pick up the prize on your behalf. To set up a Proxy please click here. Prizes are to be claimed within 30 days after winning. If you have any questions or concerns regarding a CTV Calgary contest please email ctvcalgarycontests@bellmedia.ca View the winner of the Pawpurrazzi Pet Photo Contest here. iFrame Element View Full Forecast >> Advertisement Southern Alberta Weather Alerts No watches or warnings in effect. Advertisement Connect with CTV News Calgary false CTV News at 6 Watch the top stories from CTV News Calgary at 6 CTV Morning Live Watch the top stories from CTV Morning Live Calgary false CTV News at Noon Watch the top stories from CTV News Calgary at Noon false CTV News at 5 Watch the top stories from CTV News Calgary at 5 false CTV News at 1130 Watch the top stories from CTV News Calgary at 1130 CTV NEWS CALGARY SOCIAL WALL CANADA Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up WORLD BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff ENTERTAINMENT Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees HEALTH 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study POLITICS Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament SCI-TECH WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? BUSINESS Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help AUTOS Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Climate and Environment Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert B.C. officials warn of storm expected to hit the province Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Ever dreamed of becoming an Olympian? RBC Training Ground could make your dreams a reality America Votes Trump photo book 'Our Journey Together' coming next month U.S. President Biden undergoes routine colonoscopy, Harris briefly in power Trump endorses Gosar one day after U.S. House censure SPORTS IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards and Policies Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Barrie CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Guelph CTV News Kitchener CTV News Lethbridge CTV News London CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Prince Albert CTV News Red Deer CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Vancouver Island CTV News Windsor CTV News Winnipeg CTV News Yorkton CTV Two Atlantic Alberta CTV News Barrie CTV News London Ottawa CTV News Windsor CTV News Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life CTV News App Video Help Subscribe to Newsletters Manage Subscriptions View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021 All rights reserved. Back to top
