https://barrie.ctvnews.ca/delayed-produce-shipments-results-in-rising-costs-food-shortages-1.5662546
Delayed produce shipments results in rising costs, food shortages | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Barrie Close BARRIE Search CTV Barrie Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Photo Galleries Contests Around the Region Simcoe - Muskoka COVID-19 Updates Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at Eleven About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Barrie Delayed produce shipments results in rising costs, food shortages Barrie, Ont. - A supply chain disruption is causing delayed produce shipments resulting in rising costs and food shortages. Krunal Patel owns Guac Mexi Grill in Bradford and said he's feeling the pinch. "We are seeing food costs go high, and it's bringing down the profit," he said. The Canadian Produce Marketing Association pointed the finger at widespread worker shortages and cancelled shipments, which threatens the product's shelf life and rising customer costs. "Every time you compound a delay, you compound a cost, and somebody in the system has been covering off those costs, but many are now realizing they can't continue to do it," explained Ron Lemaire, Canadian Produce Marketing Association president. Lemaire said depending on where it's coming from, what used to take 15 days for fresh produce to arrive could now take up to five weeks. "If I find something that is a good quality, I'll buy it in volume, so I don't get caught without having the proper product for my customers," said Nelson Rocha, owner of Simcoe Produce. When it comes to cost, Rocha said there is a trickle-down effect. "I'm paying three times as much, and the restaurants end up paying three times as much, and my supplier is paying three times as much, so it's just going down the line," Rocha noted. Experts anticipate the cost of produce to increase into 2022, with industry leaders calling on the provincial and federal governments to work urgently to prevent food insecurity and shortages. Barrie Top Stories Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser OPP search for suspects after Thursday shoplifting incident in Gravenhurst Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch New AED installed in Oro-Medonte Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
