https://barrie.ctvnews.ca/york-region-appoints-new-medical-officer-of-health-1.5674530
Dr. Barry Pakes, Dr. Karim Kurji | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Barrie Close BARRIE Search CTV Barrie Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Photo Galleries Contests Around the Region Simcoe - Muskoka COVID-19 Updates Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at Eleven About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Barrie York Region appoints new medical officer of health Dr. Barry Pakes has been named the medical officer of health for York Region as of Fri. Nov 19, 2021 (Courtesy: York Regional Council) BARRIE, ONT. - Nearly two months after the retirement of the region's former top doc, York Region has appointed a new medical officer of health. On Friday, it was announced that Dr. Barry Pakes would take over the position of top doctor in York Region after getting approval from the Ministry of Health Thursday. Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, Pakes has worked as a public health physician assisting with the region's response. "We continue to rely on public health guidance and expertise from across all levels of governments and are confident the leadership of Dr. Pakes will deliver on the high-quality public health care our residents and businesses both deserve and expect," Wayne Emmerson, the York Region chairman and CEO said in a news release. Before working with York Region Public Health, Pakes served as associate medical officer of health at the Regional Municipality of Halton, Regional Municipality of Peel and the Middlesex-London Health Unit, amongst other roles. Dr. Pakes replaces Dr. Karim Kurji, the previous medical officer of health who retired at the end of September. Since then, Dr. Richard Gould, an associate medical officer of health, has led the health unit. Gould will return to his role as associate medical officer of health. Pakes will begin his role effective immediately. Barrie Top Stories Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser OPP search for suspects after Thursday shoplifting incident in Gravenhurst Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch New AED installed in Oro-Medonte Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
