https://atlantic.ctvnews.ca/dr-richard-goldbloom-was-a-pillar-of-halifax-s-medical-community-1.5674280
Dr. Richard Goldbloom dies at age 96 | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Atlantic Close ATLANTIC Search CTV Atlantic Close News Latest News Weather Poll Video Latest Video CTV News Live CTV Morning Live CTV News at Five Video Help Shows CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About | Contact Us Contests Advertise with Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Atlantic Dr. Richard Goldbloom was a pillar of Halifax's medical community Dr. Goldbloom was the head of Dalhousie University's Department of Pediatrics and chancellor from 2001 to 2007. He was also the first physician-in-chief and director of research at the IWK Children's Hospital. (SOURCE: www.dignitymemorial.com) HALIFAX - Dr. Richard Goldbloom has passed away after an extraordinary career and life of service that has left a lasting legacy in the Halifax region. He was married to the late Ruth Goldbloom, who co-founded the Canadian Museum of Immigration at Pier 21 in Halifax. Together, they were active in the academic, political, cultural, and social life of Halifax. Dr. Goldbloom was the head of Dalhousie University's Department of Pediatrics and chancellor from 2001 to 2007. He was the first physician-in-chief and director of research at the IWK Children's Hospital. He was inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame and received many honours over his career -- including officer of the Order of Canada, the Queen's silver and diamond jubilee medals, the Order of Nova Scotia, and honorary degrees from McGill, Dalhousie, and Acadia University as well as University College of Cape Breton. Dr. Goldbloom published 140 scientific research papers and, in 2013, he published his autobiography, A Lucky Life. He passed away at 96 years of age. Atlantic Top Stories Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Salvation Army's Kettle Campaign kicks off using 'tap to give' feature for second year in a row N.B.'s COVID-19 active case count drops Saturday as province works to contain several outbreaks Three-year-old Dylan Ehler disappeared in seconds. His family wants changes to the missing child alert system Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
