https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/coronavirus/dutch-police-arrest-more-than-30-amid-ongoing-unrest-1.5675091
Dutch police arrest more than 30 amid ongoing unrest | CTV News CTV News FOLLOW ON CORONAVIRUS IN CANADA New cases today: 1,602 | Active cases: 25,481 | Deceased: 29,498 CORONAVIRUS UPDATES Complete coverage at CTVNews.ca/Coronavirus COVID-19 NEWSLETTER Receive the most important updates in your inbox COVID-19 VACCINE TRACKER Track the number of people in Canada who have received doses Advertisement POLITICS Dutch police arrest more than 30 amid ongoing unrest Mike Corder The Associated Press Staff Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 8:34AM EST Last Updated Sunday, November 21, 2021 9:42AM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: EDE, NETHERLANDS -- Dutch police have arrested more than 30 people during unrest in The Hague and other towns in the Netherlands that followed an "orgy of violence" the previous night at a protest against COVID-19 restrictions. The violence by groups of youths in The Hague and elsewhere Saturday night wasn't as serious as Friday night in Rotterdam, where police opened fire on rampaging rioters and arrested 51 people. Police said Sunday that they arrested 19 people in The Hague and used a water cannon to extinguish a fire on a street. Newsletter sign-up: Get The COVID-19 Brief sent to your inbox Two soccer matches in the country's top professional league were briefly halted when fans -- banned from matches under a partial lockdown in force in the Netherlands for a week -- broke into stadiums in the towns of Alkmaar and Almelo. In The Hague, police said five officers were injured as they tried to break up unrest by a group of youths who set at least two fires on streets and threw fireworks. Police said in a tweet that one rioter threw a rock at an ambulance carrying a patient to a hospital. In the southern towns of Roermond and Stein, police said they arrested a total of 13 people for setting fires and throwing fireworks, and in the fishing village of Urk police arrested eight people for public order offenses, Dutch broadcaster NOS reported. Earlier Saturday, two protests against COVID-19 measures proceeded peacefully in Amsterdam and the southern city of Breda. Thousands of people marched through Amsterdam to protest COVID-19 restrictions. Tens of thousands of protesters also took to the streets of Vienna on Saturday after the Austrian government announced a nationwide lockdown beginning Monday to contain skyrocketing coronavirus infections. There were also demonstrations in Italy, Switzerland, Croatia and Northern Ireland. Police in Rotterdam said that three rioters were hit by bullets and investigations were underway to establish if they were shot by police on Friday night. The condition of the injured rioters wasn't disclosed. Officers in Rotterdam arrested 51 people, about half of them minors, police said Saturday afternoon. One police officer was hospitalized with a leg injury sustained in the rioting, another was treated by ambulance staff and "countless" others suffered minor injuries. Rotterdam Mayor Ahmed Aboutaleb called the rioting in his city an "orgy of violence" and said that "on a number of occasions the police felt it necessary to draw their weapons to defend themselves." RELATED IMAGES view larger image In this image taken from video, demonstrators protest against government restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic on Nov. 19, 2021 in Rotterdam, Netherlands. (Media TV Rotterdam via AP) Tracking every case of COVID-19 in Canada Coronavirus vaccination tracker: How many people in Canada have received shots? Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Feds have no plans to extend vaccine mandate to kids: Duclos Canada authorizes first COVID-19 vaccine for kids Parents react to approval of COVID-19 vaccine for children aged five to 11 in Canada Canada drops molecular COVID-19 test requirement for short trips abroad High-risk Canadians now advised to wear medical face masks: PHAC 'I won't be here next year': Canadians robbed of life by delayed diagnoses amid pandemic Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays Full coverage at CTVNews.ca/Coronavirus Related Stories Protests erupt over virus rules in Austria, Italy, Croatia Dutch police open fire on COVID-19 rioters in Rotterdam Dutch gov't orders partial lockdown amid virus surge Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News Re-opening Canada COVID-19 vaccine booster eligibility by province and territory in Canada Canada closing its border to unvaccinated athletes on Jan. 15 Canada drops molecular COVID-19 test requirement for short trips abroad 5th wave 'a risk' as Albertans gather inside, Hinshaw warns Health minister promises announcement soon on COVID-19 border measure changes 'Super easy': How Canadian travellers are getting free COVID-19 tests to return home from U.S. How does it affect me? Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays Vaccine superheroes: Experts impressed with communications that target children High-risk Canadians now advised to wear medical face masks: PHAC CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says Top Videos false WATCH:Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false WATCH:Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false WATCH:Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand Advertisement LIVE COVERAGE LIVE COVERAGE LIVE: Watch ongoing news coverage on CTV News Channel IN-DEPTH COVERAGE INTERACTIVE COVID-19 in Canada How do Canada's provinces rank against American states? Compare Canada to other countries 'I won't be here next year': Canadians robbed of life by delayed diagnoses amid pandemic Coronavirus Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada 'I lost everything': Guadeloupe riots overtake COVID-19 protest Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated VIDEO EXPLAINERS false WATCH:Ont. students to get 5 rapid test kits for winter break false WATCH:Feds to scrap PCR test requirements for short trips to U.S. false WATCH:Health Canada approves Pfizer booster for ages 18 and older false WATCH:Health officials monitoring new Delta variant mutations Finances during the crisis Documents show impact of federal pandemic-era benefits on seniors, families Criminal entities defrauded COVID-19 benefit programs: intelligence reports Two-thirds of Canadians want pandemic aid lowered or to end: Nanos 'Hassle cost' of COVID-19 test may dissuade shoppers from crossing Canada-U.S. border, expert says NEWSLETTER Sign up for The COVID-19 Brief newsletter Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Editorial Standards and Policies © 2020All rights reserved. Back to top
