https://edmonton.ctvnews.ca/
Edmonton News | Alberta COVID-19 | CTV News Edmonton Skip to main content Live Search CTV Edmonton Close EDMONTON Search CTV Edmonton Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Red Deer Weather CTV YEG BUZZ Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Personalities Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Edmonton News | Alberta COVID-19 | CTV News Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time The MacEwan University women’s soccer team made history Sunday after winning a national U SPORTS championship title for the first time. Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 The Edmonton Elks are looking ahead to 2022 after a difficult season that saw the club go winless at home and fail to earn a playoff spot. Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides One of the victims of a deadly mudslide in British Columbia last week has been identified as Steven Taylor, a former Calgarian who was devoted to his family and passionate about sports. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Stony Plain man $2 million richer after scratch lottery win An Edmonton area man is now a millionaire after winning a scratch lottery prize. How to register Alberta children for the COVID-19 vaccine Health Canada approved the Pfizer vaccine for children aged 5 to 11 on Friday and doses are expected to arrive in Alberta the week of Nov. 22, the province said Friday afternoon. One-day Christmas market supports local animal rescue A one-day holiday-themed market helped support Second Chance Animal Rescue (SCARS) on Sunday at the Alberta Aviation Museum. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Hinton RCMP traffic stop leads to drug seizure, recovery of stolen vehicle A traffic stop east of Hinton last week led RCMP to seize methamphetamine, cocaine, and fentanyl alongside recovering a stolen vehicle. Certain white sesame seed and pistachio products recalled for potential Salmonella contamination A series of sesame seed and pistachio products sold in Alberta have been recalled due to possible Salmonella contamination. Connor McDavid extends point streak to 17 games, Oilers defeat Blackhawks 5-2 It was the first time in eight games that the Edmonton Oilers scored the first goal and it led to a super-charged first period. Fundraising so kids can learn to dance John A. McDougall School held a clothing drive Saturday to raise money to start a hip hop dance program. Art gallery in a parkade: New apartment complex features handcrafted murals An apartment building in south Edmonton will have a unique attraction in its underground parking garage. Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. Top Videos Many Edmontonians not thrilled with snow cleanup Elks look forward to next season after difficult 2021 MacEwan Griffins take gold at nationals Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Murals adorn apartment complex parking garage Artists go head-to-head for good cause Demonstrators want protection for Alberta's Rockies Links in the news Editor's Picks Free rent! Edmonton company doesn't need its office, so it could be yours Some prime office space is available on Jasper Avenue and the rent will be free for the next two years. $100K in jewelry stolen from Edmonton mall, police search for suspects Police are looking for help from the public to identify two suspects after more than $100,000 in jewelry was stolen. Book about 1960s space race gives new meaning to loving someone to the moon and back Earth is the sideline and also the main setting in a new book that explores the risk taken by astronauts and their families during the 1960s space race. Reptiles dead after fire, 10 tortoises and 1 gecko rescued: officials A number of reptiles were found dead in a south Edmonton home after a fire on Wednesday, according to Animal Care and Control. Viability of Edmonton urban gondola confirmed by third-party study, says company A feasibility study confirms a gondola over Edmonton's river valley 'makes a ton of sense,' says the man behind the project. Sports Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 The Edmonton Elks are looking ahead to 2022 after a difficult season that saw the club go winless at home and fail to earn a playoff spot. MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time The MacEwan University women’s soccer team made history Sunday after winning a national U SPORTS championship title for the first time. Connor McDavid extends point streak to 17 games, Oilers defeat Blackhawks 5-2 It was the first time in eight games that the Edmonton Oilers scored the first goal and it led to a super-charged first period. Top prospect Broberg recalled as Oilers defencemen Nurse, Koekkoek added to IR Broberg, 20, was drafted by the Oilers eight overall in the 2019 draft and is known for his skating and counter-attacking abilities. McDavid, Turris score in shootout to lift Oilers past Jets 2-1 Giving rookie goaltender Stuart Skinner the start worked out pretty well for the Edmonton Oilers on Thursday. WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 5:30 a.m. CTV News at Noon Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. YEG BUZZ Axe throwing: Kent vs Ziyah Mix up your snack game with these unique flavours Josh Eats Edmonton: Bistro Praha Josh Eats Edmonton: The Bedouins restaurant Josh Eats Edmonton: Uncle Ed’s Don't Miss Video B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game CTV News On the Go Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Four-eared cat becomes social media icon W5 Preview: Heartbreaking search for a missing N.S. boy 'I thought I was gonna die': B.C. man stranded by flooding STAY CONNECTED LISTEN LIVE CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' All hands are on deck in Abbotsford, B.C. as workers try to close a roughly 100-metre gap in the Sumas River dike. Todd Battis reports. Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Canada gears up for largest mass vaccinations program for children in history. CTV’s Avis Favaro reports. Canada seeks solutions over U.S. trade issues, supply chain The Three Amigos has begun at the White House for the first time in five years. CTV’s Joyce Napier reports. Feds, B.C. announce joint supply chain recover working group There is yet to be any estimates of how much damage to B.C.’s infrastructure will cost. CTV’s Allison Hurst reports. Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai appears at Beijing tournament Missing tennis star Peng Shuai reappeared in public on Nov.20 at a youth tournament in Beijing, according to videos shared on social media. CTVNews.ca Top Stories More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Two of 17 members of a missionary group who were kidnapped more than a month ago have been freed in Haiti and are safe, "in good spirits and being cared for," their Ohio-based church organization announced Sunday. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides One of the victims of a deadly mudslide in British Columbia last week has been identified as Steven Taylor, a former Calgarian who was devoted to his family and passionate about sports. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Fire crews are at the scene after a blaze destroyed two homes in the southwest community of Coach Hill. Saskatoon 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search The family of Mackenzie Trottier, a Saskatoon woman who went missing almost one year ago, has ramped up their search with a poster hanging event. Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers A Saskatoon-based jewelry company has created a jewelry line in collaboration with celebrity choreographers Tabitha and Napoleon D’umo, known by their stage name as Nappytabs. Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama The Corman Park Police Service (CPPS) has asked the public for help finding the owners of a llama. Regina Preparations underway for 50th Canadian Western Agribition Canadian Western Agribition (WCA) is celebrating a milestone 50 years as it welcomes everyone back to the country’s largest livestock show. CTV News Regina: Here's what's making headlines this Sunday Here’s a look at what’s making headlines in Regina this Sunday, with CTV News Regina’s 6 p.m. newscast pre-empted for NFL football. John Paddock returns to the Pats bench, leads team to 4-2 victory Two days after Dave Struch was relieved of his coaching duties, John Paddock was back behind the bench as he lead the Regina Pats to a 4-2 victory in Moose Jaw. Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit Through the first part of this week, a series of coastal low pressure systems will stall in the vicinity of the Maritimes. As they do, they will pull moisture up from the sub-tropical Atlantic, which will then come down on our region as an extended period of rain. N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated Health officials in New Brunswick are reporting 90 new cases of COVID-19 on Sunday, along with 43 recoveries, as the total number of active cases increases to 640. P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Health officials on Prince Edward Island are reporting two new cases of COVID-19 on Sunday, one involving a student at Three Oaks Senior High School in Summerside. Toronto Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs About 100 people gathered along Toronto's rail lines on Sunday in support of the Wet’suwet’en hereditary chiefs fighting against the construction of a pipeline through their territory following multiple arrests in northern B.C. Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Health officials in Ontario reported another 741 cases of COVID-19 on Sunday as well as three more deaths related to the disease. Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says The city is asking residents to avoid a park in North York after a coyote attacked and bit two people Sunday afternoon. Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths Quebec reported on Sunday that 707 more people have tested positive for COVID-19, with 413 of those not fully vaccinated. 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help Montreal police are asking for residents' help to find 88-year-old Fernando Audet, who was last seen in Montreal's Villeray neighbourhood on Nov. 21. CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 CTV Montreal's 6 p.m. newscast did not air on television during Sunday's NFL broadcast. You can still watch the shortened newscast with Caroline Van Vlaardingen above. Ottawa Phase 2 LRT construction creating accessibility issues for Carlingwood residents Sixteen Ottawa elementary schools have COVID-19 outbreaks OPH reports 55 new COVID-19 cases, 1 new hospitalization, 0 new deaths Kitchener 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids A mother and her five kids are staying in a hotel after a fire forced them from their home in Woodstock. House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution The House of Friendship is offering temporary transitional housing at its former shelter location on Charles St. in Kitchener starting later this month. It will be an interim solution for 25 men and won't accept drop-ins. Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo One person is in serious condition after a single-vehicle crash in the area of Weber Street North and King Street in Waterloo. Northern Ontario Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Winnipeg Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Regina Preparations underway for 50th Canadian Western Agribition CTV News Regina: Here's what's making headlines this Sunday John Paddock returns to the Pats bench, leads team to 4-2 victory Saskatoon 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
