https://montreal.ctvnews.ca/education
Education | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live Search CTV Montreal Close MONTREAL Search CTV Montreal Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Education | CTV News Montreal Education Time travel to the middle ages on a Viking adventure: video game part of new Ubisoft, university partnership If you're looking for a getaway that doesn't involve taking a lot of COVID-19 precautions --or even leaving your couch, a new video game 'Discovery Tour: Viking Age' by the makers of the Assassin’s Creed series may be just the ticket - and it’s rated ‘G.' MORE EDUCATION STORIES Daycare workers to strike across Quebec as negotiations come to a halt Walkouts in several of Quebec’s early-childhood centres are set to begin on Monday with provincial treasury board negotiations stuck at "an impasse," a major union announced Friday. 'That is not acceptable': Montreal mom furious son told to drop his pants at school during search for vaping products A Montreal mother is outraged that her teenaged had to lower his pants at his school last week during a search for vaping products -- a search that one constitutional rights lawyer said went too far. Some parents sue Quebec private schools for going virtual in pandemic, appalling others Some Quebec parents were surprised to learn there's a class action lawsuit in their names against their kids' private schools -- for the offence of shutting down physical classes during the first wave of the pandemic. For now, English schools must keep abiding by Bill 21 after appeal dismissed English schools in Quebec may have won their case against Bill 21, but they won't be able to act accordingly until the province's challenge to that ruling is heard, a judge has ruled. Legault condemns Quebec City school's ban of 'Squid Game' Halloween costumes Quebec Premier Francois Legault is taking aim at a school which has reportedly barred students from dressing up in 'Squid Game' costumes this Halloween, calling the move 'unacceptable.' Quebec unveils curriculum reform to replace former Ethics and Religious Culture program Quebec unveiled an overhaul to its curriculum Sunday with a new program promising 'a better understanding of our culture,' according to the education minister. Quebec lawmakers push bill to combat sexual violence in schools A new bill tabled in Quebec aims to combat sexual violence in the province’s schools. Montrealers mourn beloved teacher Joe Hackett, who helped students find their voices Joe Hackett, 71, died Tuesday when he was struck by a truck near a golf course in St-Anicet, southwest of the city. Quebec to deploy rapid COVID-19 testing in schools in all regions Rapid screening tests for COVID-19 will be available in primary and preschool schools in all regions of Quebec starting next week. Quebec government votes against motion on the right to a childcare space The Legault government has rejected a motion that called for children to have the right to a childcare space. Quebec Solidaire calls for Education Minister Roberge's resignation Quebec Solidaire (QS) is calling for the resignation of Minister of Education Jean-Francois Roberge because of his inability to provide every class with a teacher. Fewer Quebec children being home-schooled than last year After a sharp rise in the number of children who were homeschooled by their parents last year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there will be fewer this year, despite the worrying numbers associated with the fourth wave. FEATURED VIDEOS Protestors disrupt MTL’s Au Pied de Cochon resto Wage offer draws scorn from MTL cooks Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship Four-eared cat becomes social media icon New drama features war in alternate world Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering Rittenhouse acquitted of all charges in Kenosha shooting CTVNewsMontreal.ca Top Stories Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Montrealers from different faiths and backgrounds gather to denounce hate crimes Science and Technology WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling WhatsApp is adding more details to its privacy policy and flagging that information for European users, after Irish regulators slapped the chat service with a record fine for breaching strict EU data privacy rules. Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Researchers have confirmed the presence of carbon dioxide ‘cold traps’ on the moon, an important discovery that is integral to potential long-term robot or human presence there, they say Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. El Salvador plans first 'Bitcoin City', backed by bitcoin bonds El Salvador plans to build the world's first 'Bitcoin City', funded initially by bitcoin-backed bonds, President Nayib Bukele said on Saturday, doubling down on his bet to harness the crypto currency to fuel investment in the Central American country. Anti-hate groups fear wording problems may delay a new law tackling vitriol online A coalition of advocacy groups is urging the federal government to stick with its promise to take immediate action on online hate speech and to include steps to tackle the issue in Tuesday's throne speech. Sask. bison help archaeologist uncover 'rare' 1,000 year old petroglyph Rock carvings from more than a thousand years ago have been discovered at Wanuskewin Heritage Park. Stargazers capture longest partial lunar eclipse in centuries Night owls around the world were treated to a once-in-a-lifetime event Friday morning, during the longest partial lunar eclipse in almost six centuries. Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch The company behind the push to build Canada's first commercial spaceport, to be located on the tip of northeastern Nova Scotia, announced on Friday the first payload client for its initial rocket launch, which it expects near the end of 2023. Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Cannabis Seth Rogen's cannabis company Houseplant and Canopy Growth announce partnership end Pfizer claims 3rd dose 'strongly' boosts protection against Delta variant Case involving former CannTrust leaders remanded until Sept. 20 Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai has taken part in a 30-minute video call from Beijing with IOC officials and told them she was safe and well, the Olympic body said on Sunday. Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Mackenzie Hughes of Dundas, Ont., closed with an 8-under 62 Sunday at the RSM Classic to finish in second place, three strokes behind winner Talor Gooch of the U.S. Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Tiger Woods posted a short video showing him hitting golf balls on a driving range on Sunday, nine months after the 15-time major champion suffered serious leg injuries that required surgery following a car crash in Southern California. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tesla Inc chief Elon Musk said on Friday that the company's mobile application was coming back online after an app server outage earlier prevented many owners from connecting to their cars. Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
