https://calgary.ctvnews.ca/alberta-rockies-coal-mining-protesters-turn-attention-to-ucp-agm-1.5674716
Environmental protection needed in Alberta's Rockies, anti-coal protesters say | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Calgary Close CALGARY Search CTV Calgary Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Lethbridge Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Calgary Alberta Rockies coal mining protesters turn attention to UCP AGM CALGARY - Coal mining opponents held a protest outside of the UCP annual general meeting Saturday, hoping to show the government how much support there is for environmental protections in the Rocky Mountains. The protest comes on the heels of news that two anticipated provincial reports around open-pit coal development have been delayed. "Coal mining is far too serious for us to be complacent about it," protest organizer Laura Myers said. "We've been taking our Rocky Mountains for granted, and it's time for us to stand up and protect them." Last year, the UCP canceled decades-old environmental protections that made open-pit coal mines difficult to develop in Alberta. But the ensuing public outcry was intense, prompting a backpedal from the government and a promise to reinstate the protections in the Rockies until proper studies had been conducted. Energy Minister Sonya Savage has previously promised two reports would take a comprehensive look into public opinion on the matter. One has been delayed twice. Both are now expected to be delivered to the province at the end of the year. "It's a hardline 'no' to coal," Piikani First Nation protester Adam North Peigan said. "Open-pit coal mining is going to desecrate our ancestral territory of Treaty 7. It's going to have detrimental harms to our communities today and for our grandchildren." Many First Nations are worried about the environmental impact to land in the area, and insist the development will poison their water supply. "The UCP government has to start looking at other ways to sustain the economy through renewal energy," North Peigan added. Former Alberta Liberal Party leader and protester David Khan said he hopes the provincial reports accurately represent opposition. "The vast majority of Albertans are against coal mining in the Rockies," Khan told CTV News. "We've dragged (the UCP) kicking and screaming to moratoriums and pauses and some kind of consultation." The protest was hoping to draw the attention of the premier and MLAs heading into the AGM. "This is a peaceful rally," Khan said. "We're on provincial land, away from the casino. We are making our voices heard to the delegates and attending, but in a respectful way." Savage was unavailable for an interview. A press secretary said the minister will be making sure the reports are detailed and reviewed in a thorough manner. Both documents are expected to be massive, they added, something that will likely delay their public release. Calgary Top Stories Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Ethiopian-Canadians rally outside U.S. consulate in Calgary Calgary's Filipino community to gather in support of presidential candidate 1 injured in southwest Calgary house fire Certain white sesame seed and pistachio products recalled for potential Salmonella contamination 'Sign of the strength': Kenney talks about future of the Alberta UCP Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
