https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/diabetes-is-a-pandemic-of-unprecedented-magnitude-and-experts-fear-covid-19-may-make-it-worse-1.5669528
Experts fear COVID-19 is aiding rise in diabetes | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement HEALTH Diabetes is a 'pandemic of unprecedented magnitude,' and experts fear COVID-19 may make it worse Sandee LaMotte CNN Digital Contact Published Wednesday, November 17, 2021 7:54AM EST A person checks their blood sugar level in this stock image (Image Point Fr/shutterstock.com) Share: Reddit Share Text: The year 2021 marks 100 years since the discovery of insulin, a game-changing drug in the fight against diabetes. Despite a century of advancements in treatment, education and prevention, World Diabetes Day 2021 occurs in the wake of grim statistics. One in 10 adults around the world -- some 537 million people -- are currently living with diabetes, according to figures recently released by the International Diabetes Federation (IDF). By 2024, the IDF predicted that the number of people with diabetes is expected to rise to 1 in 8 adults. "As the world marks the centenary of the discovery of insulin, I wish we could say we've stopped the rising tide of diabetes," IDF President Dr. Andrew Boulton told CNN. "Instead, diabetes is currently a pandemic of unprecedented magnitude." Nearly 7 million adults have died worldwide in 2021 so far due to diabetes or its complications, the IDF estimated -- that's more than 1 in 10 global deaths from any cause. That doesn't count the lives lost to the novel coronavirus, which has been particularly deadly for people living with diabetes. A study published in February found having either Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes tripled the risk of severe illness and death from COVID-19. "And if you want another startling statistic, as many as 40% of the people that have died in the U.S. from COVID-19 had diabetes," said Dr. Robert Gabbay, chief scientific and medical officer for the American Diabetes Association. The pandemic also took a toll on how well people have managed their diabetes over the past year and a half, said Boulton, who is also a professor of medicine at the University of Manchester in the U.K. "My fear is we're going to see a tsunami in the next two years of diabetes and its complications because people have missed their screening appointments due to fear of catching COVID-19," he said. IS COVID-19 A TRIGGER FOR DIABETES? As bad as these numbers are, experts are concerned that COVID-19 might contribute to an even greater problem. "There may be more people developing diabetes because of COVID," Gabbay told CNN. Boulton echoed that concern: "There may be a specific Covid-induced diabetes, although there is some debate on that at the moment." A global analysis published in 2020 found as many as 14% of people hospitalized with severe COVID-19 later developed diabetes. Another review published this October found examples of new-onset Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes in babies, children and adults infected with COVID-19. "Whether new-onset diabetes is likely to remain permanent is not known, as the long-term follow-up of these patients is limited," the study reported. It's very possible that COVID-19 is not the culprit. Blood sugar abnormalities could be triggered by the stress of an infection and the steroids used to fight COVID-19 inflammation, Gabbay said. Another explanation is that the person may have had pre-diabetes -- some 88 million Americans currently do, according to the American Medical Association and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The organizations have partnered with the Ad Council to create a new public service campaign: "Do I Have Prediabetes?" People also may have had diabetes that was not previously diagnosed. The IDF estimates that of the 537 million adults living with diabetes around the world, almost half (44.7%) are as yet undiagnosed. But there is also evidence that SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, can bind to the ACE2 receptors in the islet cells of the pancreas -- the organ that produces the body's insulin, Boulton and Gabbay told CNN. "The virus attacks those cells in the pancreas and interferes with their production of insulin, so that may be another mechanism," Gabbay said. "And those individuals that are diagnosed in the hospital with diabetes for the first time, through whichever mechanism, sadly do worse." EARLY IDENTIFICATION IS KEY Reversing the rising tide of diabetes cases requires early identification. Nipping Type 2 diabetes in the pre-diabetic stages is preferred, since it's before the body begins to suffer damage from irregular blood sugars and lifestyle changes are easier to implement. Studies in Finland a few decades ago found that people with "very slight elevated blood sugar" who followed a sensible diet and regular exercise "had a 54% reduction in proceeding to Type 2 diabetes," Boulton said. "And it didn't have to be flogging yourself in the gym," he added. "It's sensible exercising, walking instead of riding the bus and walking up the stairs instead of taking the elevator, that can do the trick." Two recent studies found that adding about a third of a cup of fruit or vegetables to your daily diet could cut your risk of developing Type 2 diabetes by 25%, while higher consumptions of whole grains, such as brown bread and oatmeal, could cut the risk by 29%. Even full-flown diabetes can be put into remission, Gabbay said, with a regime of diet, exercise and stress reduction and proper use of medications. "People in remission may still be at risk for some of the long-term complications, and therefore, they still need to be monitored, with quarterly blood tests, a yearly eye and foot test, and yearly screening for kidney disease and cholesterol levels," he said. To determine if you are at risk for Type 2 diabetes, the American Diabetes Association has a 60-second online test. After answering a few questions about family history, age, gender and physical activity, the test spits out an answer. Being over age 60, overweight, having had gestational diabetes while pregnant, having a family history of diabetes, currently living with high blood pressure and a lack of physical exercise all raise your risk. Related Stories Diabetes patients more likely to die with COVID-19 if they're male: studies Pfizer says COVID-19 pill cut hospital, death risk by 90 per cent 'People are very frightened:' Bell Island, N.L., is about to lose its last remaining doctor DASH diet and exercise helps uncontrolled high blood pressure, study finds People who eat more dairy fat have lower risk of heart disease, study suggests Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Health Stories 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Juice mixes recalled due to possible presence of glass Vaccine superheroes: Experts impressed with communications that target children Scientists mystified, wary, as Africa avoids COVID-19 disaster 'I won't be here next year': Canadians robbed of life by delayed diagnoses amid pandemic National opioid crisis plan to be informed by proposals in B.C.: federal minister CDC: Vials contain no trace of virus that causes smallpox Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement NEWSLETTER Sign up for The COVID-19 Brief newsletter Health Videos false Study finds cannabis use during pregnancy may affect kids false Canadian study reveals gender biases against female surgeons false Que. woman donates kidney to young girl she's never met false HPV vaccine cuts cancer rate by nearly 90 per cent: study false Alberta stops covering two brands of insulin false Scientists studying the effects of psychedelic medicine MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
