https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/experts-worried-about-extent-of-damage-to-n-l-health-system-following-cyberattack-1.5648541
Experts worried about extent of damage to N.L. health system following cyberattack | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement HEALTH Experts worried about extent of damage to N.L. health system following cyberattack The Canadian Press Staff Contact Published Tuesday, November 2, 2021 12:27PM EDT Share: Reddit Share Text: ST. JOHN'S, N.L. -- Cybersecurity experts say they are worried about the extent of the damage to the IT infrastructure of Newfoundland and Labrador's health system following a likely cyberattack last weekend. Health Minister John Haggie said Monday the health system's data centre has "two brains" and both of them were affected by an attack, which led to the cancellation of thousands of medical appointments. David Shipley, CEO of New Brunswick-based Beauceron Security, said today in an interview the loss of data backups is concerning because the rebuilding process could take weeks or months to complete. The province has refused to release details about the alleged attack, but Shipley says it appears the likeliest explanation is that hackers infiltrated the IT network and are demanding payment in return for access, which is known as a ransomware attack. Dalhousie University computer science Prof. Nur Zincir-Heywood said today in an interview ransomware attack programs can sometimes "stay in and eavesdrop for weeks and months," adding that they can spread into backup data storage. Zincir-Heywood says it could be a time-consuming task to find the most recent uninfected backup, depending on how Newfoundland and Labrador's system is set up. RELATED IMAGES view larger image (Jonathan Hayward / The Canadian Press) Related Stories Suspected cyberattack in N.L. hits 'brain' of province's health-care system Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Health Stories 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Juice mixes recalled due to possible presence of glass Vaccine superheroes: Experts impressed with communications that target children Scientists mystified, wary, as Africa avoids COVID-19 disaster 'I won't be here next year': Canadians robbed of life by delayed diagnoses amid pandemic National opioid crisis plan to be informed by proposals in B.C.: federal minister CDC: Vials contain no trace of virus that causes smallpox Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement NEWSLETTER Sign up for The COVID-19 Brief newsletter Health Videos false Study finds cannabis use during pregnancy may affect kids false Canadian study reveals gender biases against female surgeons false Que. woman donates kidney to young girl she's never met false HPV vaccine cuts cancer rate by nearly 90 per cent: study false Alberta stops covering two brands of insulin false Scientists studying the effects of psychedelic medicine MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
