https://edmonton.ctvnews.ca/viability-of-edmonton-urban-gondola-confirmed-by-third-party-study-says-company-1.5660248
Feasibility study of Edmonton river valley gondola finished | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Edmonton Close EDMONTON Search CTV Edmonton Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Red Deer Weather CTV YEG BUZZ Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Personalities Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Edmonton Viability of Edmonton urban gondola confirmed by third-party study, says company EDMONTON - A feasibility study confirms a gondola over Edmonton's river valley "makes a ton of sense," says the man behind the project. According to Prairie Sky Gondola's CEO and president, the analysis was recently completed by Steer Group and confirms his team's case that their urban gondola is a good business decision. "To make hundreds of pages of analysis to a succinct point, they said this project makes a ton of sense in Edmonton and the private sector should be excited about this opportunity," Jeffrey Hansen-Carlson told CTV News Edmonton in an interview on Wednesday. The report hasn't been released publicly. In 2020, Prairie Sky estimated a gondola would conduct more than 1.7 million trips per year. "I remember at that time, a lot of people in the community, elected officials and otherwise, said, 'I don't believe that number. How'd you come up with that? It doesn't make sense to me,'" Hansen-Carlson recalled. "Part of the process of due diligence on a project of this significance is retaining a third party to do a deep dive into your business case, a deep dive into your ridership projections, your revenue model, to flush out all of those questions, and that exercise cost a lot of money, took a lot of time." But the analysis not only confirmed Prairie Sky's ridership projections, Hansen-Carlson says, but also confirmed the gondola would face little competition from other attractions and as such is "commercially viable." Prairie Sky now expects the ropeway system to be operating in 2025. Edmonton city council voted 8-5 in February to give the privately funded project a green light. However, the top items on the company's to-do list are big: it needs to finish and get city council approval for both real estate negotiations and the rezoning of 41 parcels of land. The latter process consists of public and Indigenous consultation. A river valley bylaw also has yet to be approved by city council. More to come... With files from CTV News Edmonton's Nahreman Issa Edmonton Top Stories MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Stony Plain man $2 million richer after scratch lottery win How to register Alberta children for the COVID-19 vaccine One-day Christmas market supports local animal rescue 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
