https://barrie.ctvnews.ca/fill-a-purse-for-a-sister-campaign-enters-its-final-stretch-1.5675189
Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Barrie Close BARRIE Search CTV Barrie Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Photo Galleries Contests Around the Region Simcoe - Muskoka COVID-19 Updates Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at Eleven About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Barrie Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch BARRIE, ONT. - A national campaign is again calling on the public's help to support women of any age in distress. The 'Fill a Purse for a Sister' campaign is entering its 7th year across the country, with various communities participating. 2021 will mark Barrie's fourth year, where a community lead has brought this initiative to the city. The goal is to collect gently used or new purses filled with various personal care items. "There definitely is a demand," says Julie McCord, the community lead for Barrie's initiative. "There is a need for all of our purses to support our local charities and shelters for many reasons, but also because of COVID, the rates of domestic violence have skyrocketed." Needed items included toiletries, a kind note, gift cards and warm winter accessories like a hat or scarf. Over the last three years, the campaign has collected 1,400 purses in Barrie alone. "It absolutely warms my heart that we are doing this in mind of our fellow sisters, helping support them through a tough time," says McCord. "We are also going to be in a time when we need that extra support, so we are able to provide that collectively." If you'd like to help support the cause, you can find where to drop off your donations by clicking here. Barrie Top Stories Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser OPP search for suspects after Thursday shoplifting incident in Gravenhurst Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch New AED installed in Oro-Medonte Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
