https://www.fitbiomics.com/
FitBiomics, the maker of Nella Probiotics Fitbiomics About Nella Probiotics Press FAQ Team Contact About/ Nella Probiotics/ Press/ FAQ/ Team/ Contact/ ABOUT About/ Nella Probiotics/ Press/ FAQ/ Team/ Contact/ Meet FitBiomics™ We’re a biotechnology company disrupting human health & wellness by decoding the microbiome of the most fit people in the world. We translate their biological information into next-generation probiotics for everyone. ↓ The Guts To Defy Your Limits We’ve developed a daily capsule of next-gen performance probiotics designed to help propel you to your highest potential. Visit NellaProbiotics.com to learn more! THE NEW FRONTIER OF FITNESS To understand what drives optimal health and performance, we work with elite athletes who continue to push the limits of achievement in their sports After years of research, we’ve identified what is uniquely enriched in top performers and developed proprietary probiotics that have naturally evolved to cater to the physiological demands of elite athletes. Discovered and developed by some of the best scientists in the world, our cutting edge performance probiotics are designed to activate what’s already inside you. ↓ THE GUT - FITNESS CONNECTION Optimizing fitness from the inside out! We have trillions of bacteria in our bodies. Our microbial ecosystems put in work for us, driving digestion (breakdown of food) for nutrient absorption and conversion, interacting with our immune system, while also producing beneficial metabolites and neurotransmitters that impact our health holistically. 02 • ENERGY Endurance and sleep supported through energy metabolism properties 01 • DIGESTION Protein metabolism properties support strength & performance 04 • SLEEP Gut-brain axis supports focus & mood through neurological benefits 03 • RECOVERY Improved immunity supports recovery and injury prevention ⦿ Join the new frontier of fitness! Subscribe to our Newsletter and receive insider info. Email Address Sign Up We respect your privacy. Thank you! Want to become a GutFit VIP member for exclusive access? Learn more here FitBiomics™ is a microbiome biotechnology company spun out of the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University. We utilize next-generation sequencing to understand what makes elite athletes unique. In particular, we're sequencing the microbiome of elite athletes to identify and isolate novel probiotic bacteria for applications in performance and recovery. We are purifying these novel probiotics and commercializing as ingredients to disrupt consumer health and nutrition and cater to the next generation athlete. FITBIOMICS INC | FITBIOMICS.COM Content Link Block Select a page and create a visual link to it. Learn more ABOUT
