https://bc.ctvnews.ca/four-bodies-now-recovered-from-site-of-highway-99-mudslide-b-c-coroner-confirms-1.5674587
Four bodies now recovered from site of Highway 99 mudslide, B.C. coroner confirms | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver Four bodies now recovered from site of Highway 99 mudslide, B.C. coroner confirms Vancouver - The bodies of four people have now been recovered from the scene of Monday's mudslide on Highway 99 near Lillooet, B.C., coroners confirmed Saturday. The first victim, a woman whose name has not been released, was located on the day of the slide, which sent trees and debris spilling across the highway, blocking the last remaining route connecting the Lower Mainland to the rest of the province during this week's monstrous storm. Three men have been found dead since. The B.C. Coroners Service said search and rescue crews recovered one body on Wednesday, and two more on Thursday. In a statement, chief coroner Lisa Lapointe offered "heartfelt condolences to the families who are now grieving the sudden and unexpected death of their loved one." The B.C. RCMP confirmed the three men were all among those confirmed missing in the aftermath of the slide. Their names have not been released, but Staff Sgt. Janelle Shoihet said their next of kin have been notified. Efforts to locate a fifth missing person continued through Friday, but were unsuccessful. Authorities confirmed Saturday that the search has been suspended, but said it will resume once the weather improves. "All current search efforts have been exhausted and discussions are underway as to how and when, best to proceed," Shoihet said in a news release. The effort has included members of the Pemberton and Lillooet search and rescue teams, as well as a police service dog. Lapointe praised search crews for doing their best in "incredibly challenging conditions." “This has been an incredibly difficult year for all of us in B.C., and my heart goes out to the many families and communities who have suffered tragic losses," she said. During a Saturday morning news conference, Deputy Premier Mike Farnworth offered condolences as well, and urged any other British Columbians who believe a loved one may have been caught up in the slide to contact law enforcement. "Please reach out to any RCMP detachment to make a report," he said. Witnesses who were on the route when the mudslide struck recounted hearing "thunderous" noise as trees cracked and a torrent of mud flowed onto the road, sweeping up several vehicles. They told CTV News an off-duty firefighter organized the survivors, who then went to work helping injured drivers and passengers escape from wrecked cars. Several days later, the RCMP said Highway 99 remains closed to the general public, and there's no timeline for when it may reopen. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
