https://atlantic.ctvnews.ca/fredericton-curlers-ride-highs-and-lows-as-they-go-end-to-end-and-so-on-for-world-record-1.5674303
Fredericton curlers ride 'highs and lows' as they go end-to-end, and so on, for Guinness World Record | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Atlantic Close ATLANTIC Search CTV Atlantic Close News Latest News Weather Poll Video Latest Video CTV News Live CTV Morning Live CTV News at Five Video Help Shows CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About | Contact Us Contests Advertise with Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Atlantic Fredericton curlers ride 'highs and lows' as they go end-to-end, and so on, for world record FREDERICTON - They haven't left the rink since Monday. "At this point, we're 97 hours and change in," Chris Schnare said Friday morning. "There have been many, many highs and a couple of lows, you know, especially in the middle of the night when it's cold and very quiet in here, somebody brings up someone else and eventually the group's back up, you just ride it like mountains it comes in highs and lows." But the end is nearly in sight. "It's been unbelievable, we did this as just a group of 10 people at the start and it's just exploded," said Stephen Muzzerall. The curlers are on pace to beat the 105-hour record Friday evening and hit their goal of 120 hours Saturday morning. The Guinness World Record hopefuls had lots of support to uplift them throughout the week. "It's unbelievable really, all the schools, FHS in Fredericton, every homeroom class did a poster for us. That stuff is just amazing. It really kind of hits you in the heart, and it tells you you're doing the right thing," said Steven Burns. The team's curling to support youth mental health services and they're over the $100,000 mark. "Fundraising is actually exceeding our hopes and dreams for this," Schnare said. "The amount of support that's come, not just locally, but provincially and nationally from the corporate level from the international scene, is amazing." They set a goal of $120,000 to raise. "Fundraising is going really, really well. We're still trying to hit it; our goal is $120,000. I'm hoping we're going to blow that out of the water, but we're still working hard at it," Burns said. With just two-hour breaks for sleep for every eight hours, it has been a long five days. "When I look at that clock over there and I see it's like seven hours left to break that record, it puts it all into perspective. We've still got a ways to go yet, but when you can see the end, it certainly makes it easier," Burns said. Their 120 hours should end around 9 a.m. Saturday morning, and the first thing they'll do to celebrate -- is sleep. Atlantic Top Stories Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Salvation Army's Kettle Campaign kicks off using 'tap to give' feature for second year in a row N.B.'s COVID-19 active case count drops Saturday as province works to contain several outbreaks Three-year-old Dylan Ehler disappeared in seconds. His family wants changes to the missing child alert system Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
