https://calgary.ctvnews.ca/sohil-bindra-sexual-assault-trial-paused-for-another-week-1.5674251
Friday, November 19th was scheduled to be the final day for the first of three separate trials for Sohil Bindra, but things have been paused until Monday, November 29th to give the judge more time to | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Calgary Close CALGARY Search CTV Calgary Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Lethbridge Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Calgary Sohil Bindra sexual assault trial paused for another week The Crown called its final witness in the first trial against Bindra on Friday. LETHBRIDGE, Alta. - A total of six complainants have come forward with allegations including sexual assault, house breaking, and administering a noxious substance against Sohil Bindra. Those allegations span over roughly the last four years. Back in March, Bindra's attorney applied for a severance of counts to reduce prejudice about the various counts, which the judge then granted. The complaints were then divided into three separate trials, with four in one, and the other two receiving their own individual trials. The first of those three trials began on Monday, November 8th with the court hearing from a 20-year old Lethbridge woman and her friend who said they were out drinking roughly two years ago when they said they met up with Bindra. They claim one of the young woman suddenly became ill, and Bindra offered to drive both of them home. After dropping the women off it's alleged that he later returned and sexually assaulted one of the women. Following the alleged event, Bindra was charged by the Lethbridge Police with two counts of sexual assault and house breaking on February 11th, 2020. The Crown called its final witness in the first trial against Bindra on Friday. Lethbridge Police Service's violent crimes unit and lead investigator on the case Const. Jamie Williamson testified in what was essentially a procedural formality. The trial was scheduled to wrap up on Friday, but the judge decided to put the matter on pause until November 29th in order to make a decision regarding the admissibility of some of the evidence that has been provided. Four other woman have also come forward with similar allegations of sexual assault and administering a noxious substance. In the first trial, Bindra is also facing charges connected to a woman claiming she was sexually assaulted following a Christmas party in 2018 and another woman alleging she was sexually assaulted in a man's car after a night at a local bar. Bindra's second trial is scheduled for December for similar offences against a fifth woman, and his third trial is set for January for sexual assault offences against a sixth woman. Calgary Top Stories Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Ethiopian-Canadians rally outside U.S. consulate in Calgary Calgary's Filipino community to gather in support of presidential candidate 1 injured in southwest Calgary house fire Certain white sesame seed and pistachio products recalled for potential Salmonella contamination 'Sign of the strength': Kenney talks about future of the Alberta UCP Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
