https://www.ctvnews.ca/autos/gm-aims-to-tackle-chip-shortage-with-new-designs-made-in-north-america-1.5671826
GM plans North American designs amid chip shortage | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV News Close Search CTV News Close NEWS Coronavirus Canada Residential Schools World Entertainment Politics Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Business Weather 5 Things to Know Don Martin Blog Autos W5 Photo Galleries Newsletters VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 Pop Life LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Pop Life Schedule ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Autos GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America, president Mark Reuss said on Thursday. Reuss told an investor conference GM is working with seven chip suppliers on three new families of microcontrollers that will reduce the number of unique chips by 95% on future vehicles. The supplier partners include Qualcomm, STM , TSMC, Renesas, NXP, Infineon and ON Semi, he said. Most of GM's future investment in the new microcontroller families "will flow to the U.S. and Canada," Reuss said. Vehicle manufacturers around the world have been coping much of the year with shortages of semiconductor chips that control everything from heated seats to infotainment systems. Those shortages in some cases have caused GM and other automakers to build, then park unfinished vehicles until missing chips finally arrive and can be installed. In other cases, vehicles are being delivered to customers without some of the usual features. "We see our semiconductor requirements more than doubling over the new few years," with the arrival of new electric vehicles and complex driver assistance systems such as UltraCruise, Reuss said. The new microcontrollers will consolidate many of the functions now handled by individual chips, which not only will reduce cost and complexity, but "will drive quality and predictability," he said. The new microcontrollers will be built in high volume -- as much as 10 million units a year, Reuss said. A GM spokesperson told Reuters that the company is "trying to develop an ecosystem that is much more resilient, more scalable and always there to meet our needs." Earlier Thursday, Ford Motor Co and chip manufacturer GlobalFoundries Inc said they plan to work together to boost supplies for the automaker's vehicles and the broader U.S. auto industry. MORE AUTOS NEWS Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Glitchy features dent electric SUV reliability, survey finds Hamilton: F1 'duty bound' to raise awareness of human rights Stellantis recalls heavy duty diesel Rams to fix fuel pumps Mercedes wants to review Hamilton-Verstappen overtake move Zhou becomes Formula One's first Chinese driver with Alfa Romeo Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
