https://kitchener.ctvnews.ca/guelph-police-looking-for-owners-of-recovered-property-with-sentimental-value-1.5671508
Guelph police looking for owners of recovered property with 'sentimental value' | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Kitchener Close KITCHENER Search CTV Kitchener Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Guelph Weather Community Calendar Contests News Links Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Kitchener Guelph police looking for owners of recovered property with 'sentimental value' Police are looking for the owner of these items they believe have sentimental value (Supplied: Guelph police) GUELPH - Guelph police are hoping to find the owners of recovered property they believe has sentimental value. The items include monogrammed cuff links, a photo album from the 1940s and keys. It was seized early Thursday morning after a man was arrested for breaking and entering. Police said someone used bolt cutters to cut the lock on a commercial building on Wellington Street West on Saturday, entering several offices and stealing electronics. According to a news release, a suspect was identified using surveillance video. He was found in downtown Guelph and arrested. Officers found the man was in possession of a credit card reported as stolen, along with suspected fentanyl. A 37-year-old man has been charged with break and enter, possessing stolen property, possessing a controlled substance and failing to comply with an undertaking. Police discovered the other items while searching the man. Anyone who recognizes the property is asked to contact Const. Scott Carroll at 519-824-1212, ext. 7489, or email him at swcarroll@guelphpolice.ca. Kitchener Top Stories 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Missing 55-year-old Brantford woman found safe Pedestrian struck and killed by train in Ingersoll Boy who saved mother’s life takes part in youth police training program Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Lions Club's Reverse Santa Claus Parade returns to Kitchener for second straight year Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
