https://kitchener.ctvnews.ca/how-guelph-s-proposed-zoning-bylaws-could-impact-new-double-car-garages-1.5668828
Guelph staff draft new set of zoning bylaws | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Kitchener Close KITCHENER Search CTV Kitchener Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Guelph Weather Community Calendar Contests News Links Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Kitchener How Guelph's proposed zoning bylaws could impact new double-car garages Guelph - City staff in Guelph have drafted a new set of zoning bylaws for the community. "It's very important to keep this document updated, because it tells people how tall their fences can be and what uses they can have if they have a home business or how wide their driveway can be," said Ward 6 Coun. Dominique O'Rourke. The bylaws were drafted in 1995 and officials said they needed an update. "Our zoning bylaw is very old and out of date," project manager Abby Watts said. The 400-page document takes into account the things that have changed over the last 25 years, from conservation and transit trends to population growth. "Newer builds will have to comply with new regulations," Watts said. Parking is also under scrutiny. "What really concerns me is a proposed reduction in parking spaces throughout apartment buildings through the city and also in the intensification corridor," O'Rourke said. Watts added that under the proposed bylaw, new apartment buildings within the city's intensification areas have a maximum of 1.25 parking spaced per unit plus 0.25 visitor parking spaces per unit. Other areas of the city are proposed to have a minimum of one space per unit plus 0.25 visitor parking spaces per unit for the first 20 units, and one space per unit plus 0.15 visitor parking spaces per unit above the 20 units. No maximum parking ratios are proposed for apartment buildings outside of the city's intensification areas. New home garages cannot be larger than 50 per cent of the width of the dwelling. O'Rourke said that means only larger homes will be able to have two-car garages, adding under the current cost of living, that's unrealistic. "You'll have more than one income earner, not all of whom are going to work in town or be able to take transit," she said. O'Rourke said 77 per cent of Guelph residents commute to work by car. Watts said the proposed parking reductions are aimed at achieving climate change goals and ensuring "pedestrian-oriented" streets. The proposal is still preliminary and city staff are asking for public input. Final approval from council won't happen until later in 2022. Kitchener Top Stories 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Missing 55-year-old Brantford woman found safe Pedestrian struck and killed by train in Ingersoll Boy who saved mother’s life takes part in youth police training program Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Lions Club's Reverse Santa Claus Parade returns to Kitchener for second straight year Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
