https://montreal.ctvnews.ca/health
Health | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live Search CTV Montreal Close MONTREAL Search CTV Montreal Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Health | CTV News Montreal Health Quebec doctors who provide care in English say they're concerned about new language legislation The people who provide health care in Montreal in English say they are extremely concerned about what Bill 96 might mean for them and their patients. Some family doctors in Montreal are going private, with burnout and Quebec meddling to blame The Quebec government’s latest attempt at telling Montreal’s family doctors they should be seeing more patients has landed with a thud, according to two general practitioners who said they are demoralized and tired of being micromanaged by the province. Unvaccinated doctors in Quebec could be investigated if they put their patients at risk: College of Physicians Quebec’s College of Physicians (QCP) has issued a stern warning to its members that if they put their patients at risk by not being properly vaccinated, they could be investigated for their actions. More Health Stories Doctors worry new Quebec legislation aimed at increasing patients won't improve care The Quebec government is set to introduce a bill aimed at increasing the level of services provided by general practitioners, but already overworked doctors say they're concerned it will do little to improve access for patients. Quebec to bring back publicly covered IVF as of Nov. 15 A new law that allows a round of publicly covered in vitro fertilization treatment will take effect just next week, Quebec announced Wednesday. Quebec woman donates 'beautiful gift' -- a kidney to a 12-year-old girl she'd never met Two people from Quebec are inextricably linked because of one selfless act: 52-year-old Maryse Boivin from Sherbrooke donated a kidney to 12-year-old Valentina Quintero from Quebec City. Nursing unions calling out Quebec for lack of proper consultation as staffing shortages remain The nursing and cardio-respiratory care personnel union is calling out the government for a 'lack of collaboration to agree on solutions that could improve working conditions' as staffing shortages continue. Quebec seniors minister ill, won't appear at inquest into COVID long-term care deaths Marguerite Blais will not have to testify before the coroner in charge of shedding light on the deaths that occurred in long-term care homes (CHSLDs) during the first wave of COVID-19. WATCH LIVE @ 11:30 WATCH LIVE @ 11:30 | Quebec announces a new centre for chronic diseases in Montreal Quebec minister Chantal Rouleau announced Monday that a new centre specializing in chronic diseases will open in Montreal. Health-care federation demands apology and payment with interest for late cheques The federation of health-care workers is demanding that the Quebec government pay interest at the legal rate for each day that retroactive payments are overdue under the new collective agreement. 'Unprecedented' surge in pediatric admissions for respiratory virus continues to tax Quebec hospitals A highly unusual surge in visits to Quebec’s pediatric emergency rooms during the late summer and early fall, has in turn, led to an 'unprecedented' number of young children being admitted to hospital - a trend that continued through October, according to hospital figures. Bausch Health set for two IPOs in the coming months; Q3 profit increases to US$188M Bausch Health Companies Inc. says the initial public offering of its aesthetic medical device business could come as early as next month followed soon after by the IPO of its eyecare business. Ste-Justine Hospital's 'little tummies' project puts focus on inflammatory bowel diseases as kids fight stigma A team of 12 gastroenterologists at Ste-Justine Hospital in Montreal knew they were taking on a challenge when they banded together to raise funds for a novel type of tissue bank dedicated in large part to research into inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD). Report released on Quebec's cannabis law shows encouraging results Quebec's Health Ministry released a report Wednesday on the implementation of the Act Surrounding Cannabis, which has been in effect since Oct. 17, 2018. Legault threatens sanctions as he loses patience with Quebec’s family doctors Premier François Legault is promising to identify and sanction all family doctors who don't work hard enough for his liking. Watch Health Reports Will the pandemic amplify seasonal depression? How COVID-19, flu and cold symptoms can differ SickKids assessing virus risk factors in Black communities How to keep your family safe from carbon monoxide Are hospitals ready to handle second wave of COVID-19? For some COVID patients, stroke is first symptom: new study Experts urge against avoiding hospitals during COVID-19 Are Canada's hospitals ready for flu season and COVID-19? COVID-19 COVERAGE Coronavirus in Canada Chart every case of COVID-19 in each province and territory across the country COVID-19 cases charted across Canada Vaccine Tracker Track the number of people in Canada and around the world who have received vaccinations Who will be the first to get COVID-19 vaccines? AP Illustration/Peter Hamlin Canada and other nations Curious how different countries are faring? Chart and compare the curves using our interactive graphs The COVID-19 Brief Sign up to receive the most important updates in your inbox three times a week This undated electron microscope image made available by the U.S. National Institutes of Health in February 2020 shows the Novel Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, orange, emerging from the surface of cells, green, cultured in the lab. (NIAID-RML via AP) In-depth with Avis Favaro CAR T-cell therapy: Canadian patient in landmark trial shares his story A national cancer treatment trial called CAR T-cell therapy, which engineers a patient’s own immune system to fight the disease, is showing great promise for patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia and non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma who stopped responding to other treatments. Indigenous families disproportionately affected by 'birth alerts'; B.C. lawsuit seeks damages A new class-action lawsuit has been filed in B.C., with another soon expected in Ontario, seeking justice for a disturbing practice that has split up hundreds of parents and newborn infants, with Indigenous and racialized families disproportionately affected. U.S. unveils COVID-19 vaccine rollout for children as Canada plans its own U.S. officials have outlined a plan to roll out two doses of the Pfizer vaccine formulated for children aged 5-11 in the coming weeks — provided that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves Pfizer’s safety and efficacy data. Colin Powell's death from COVID-19 complications despite vaccination reminder immunocompromised at higher risk The recent death of Colin Powell, the first Black U.S. secretary of state, due to COVID-19 complications is a small warning, experts say, reinforcing that those of advanced age or with health complications are still at a greater risk than other vaccinated populations. Experts warn the flu could make a comeback this winter Last winter, the flu was almost nonexistent due to lockdowns and public health measures aimed at cutting down COVID-19 cases, but experts are warning that this year, we may see a resurgence. How the early work of a Canadian scientist and his team made the COVID-19 vaccines possible The story of how the groundbreaking mRNA vaccines were developed to help the world fight COVID-19 is a fascinating one — but it’s been missing a key part, according to a scientist who says a fundamental aspect of these vaccines was originally developed by a small team in Canada. Sask. health-care workers on the brink of being overwhelmed as COVID-19 ICU cases climb Inside hospitals across Saskatchewan, which has one of the lowest vaccination rates in the country, health-care workers are reporting a worsening crisis, with record-breaking COVID-19 hospitalizations pushing the health-care system to the brink. Inside an Ontario ICU where the COVID-19 patients are largely young, and all unvaccinated The truth of the fourth wave of COVID-19 in Canada is starkly clear inside the intensive care unit at Hamilton General, where the majority of the COVID-19 patients struggling on life support are young — and unvaccinated. How COVID-19 Affects Me Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays With the holiday season just around the corner and vaccinations a source of tension and conflict among some family members, CTVNews.ca looks at some best practices to keep the peace -- and everyone safe. Vaccine superheroes: Experts impressed with communications that target children Canadian health units and science communication groups are trying to find ways to inspire young audiences to get the COVID-19 vaccine. High-risk Canadians now advised to wear medical face masks: PHAC The Public Health Agency of Canada is now recommending those at risk of higher exposure and more severe disease outcomes from COVID-19 wear a medical face mask. Feds to lift PCR test requirement for short trips The federal government will be lifting the PCR test requirement for fully vaccinated travellers returning to Canada after short trips within 72 hours, CTV News has confirmed. The PCR test requirement will remain in effect for longer trips. Diabetes is a 'pandemic of unprecedented magnitude,' and experts fear COVID-19 may make it worse Despite a century of advancements in treatment, education and prevention, World Diabetes Day 2021 occurs in the wake of grim statistics. One in 10 adults around the world -- some 537 million people -- are currently living with diabetes, according to figures recently released by the International Diabetes Federation. Vaccine Progress Canada now has enough COVID-19 vaccine doses to fully vaccinate all eligible citizens: PM Canada currently has enough doses of COVID-19 vaccines in the country to fully vaccinate every eligible person over the age of 12, with more than 66 million doses received as of Tuesday. While more than 26 million of the eligible 33 million Canadians have rolled up their sleeves, the push is now on to try to reach those who haven't. At least 1.3 million Canadians opted to mix COVID-19 vaccines by the end of June Health Canada's latest weekly report on vaccinations shows at least 1.3 million Canadians opted for a mixed-dose finish to their COVID-19 vaccination schedule in June. When will children under 12 be vaccinated against COVID-19? With Canada hitting several COVID-19 vaccination milestones and clinical trials underway testing the efficacy and safety of COVID-19 vaccines in children under 12 years of age, the question remains: when will all children become eligible to be vaccinated? Third wave would have killed more people in Canada without vaccines: Tam Canada's chief public health officer says without vaccines the third wave of COVID-19 in Canada would have been much deadlier. Ontario accelerates second doses for youth to 'support a safe return to school' The Ontario government says it's accelerating second COVID-19 vaccine doses for youth in order to support a safe return to school in September. CTVNewsMontreal.ca Top Stories Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Montrealers from different faiths and backgrounds gather to denounce hate crimes Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes The Halifax Regional Municipality's Emergency Management Division is closely monitoring the weather forecast as a series of low pressure systems make their way towards the Maritimes. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. One man is dead and another is in critical condition after a fire at a restaurant in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert The City of Chilliwack says the breach in the Sumas River dike in Abbotsford has been repaired, and that it's able to lift an evacuation alert for Chilliwack residents near the Abbotsford border as a result. World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco About 80 people, some wearing ski masks and wielding crowbars, ransacked a high-end department store in the San Francisco Bay Area, assaulting employees and stealing merchandise before fleeing in cars waiting outside. Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Two onetime outsiders hailing from opposite extremes of the political spectrum received the most votes Sunday in Chile's presidential election but failed to garner enough support for an outright win, setting up what's likely to be a polarizing runoff in the region's most advanced economy. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki warned on Sunday that the migrant crisis on the Belarus border may be a prelude to 'something much worse.' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive A taxi driver injured when his passenger's homemade bomb exploded in Liverpool a week ago said it's a 'miracle' he is alive. Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai has taken part in a 30-minute video call from Beijing with IOC officials and told them she was safe and well, the Olympic body said on Sunday. Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Mackenzie Hughes of Dundas, Ont., closed with an 8-under 62 Sunday at the RSM Classic to finish in second place, three strokes behind winner Talor Gooch of the U.S. Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Tiger Woods posted a short video showing him hitting golf balls on a driving range on Sunday, nine months after the 15-time major champion suffered serious leg injuries that required surgery following a car crash in Southern California. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tesla Inc chief Elon Musk said on Friday that the company's mobile application was coming back online after an app server outage earlier prevented many owners from connecting to their cars. Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America. Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
