https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/help-50068132
How to get BBC News on smart speakers - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture MenuMore Search Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories More Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads How to get BBC News on smart speakers Published 11 May Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing On Amazon Alexa: Say "Play BBC News" to your Amazon Alexa smart speaker, and get the BBC's first ever interactive news bulletin. You can hear the latest headlines, deep-dive into the stories that interest you, or move on when you've heard enough - simply by using your voice. The commands you need to know are: "Alexa, next" to skip a story "Alexa, back" to repeat a story "Alexa, pause" and "Alexa, resume" to pick up where you left off You can also get an in-depth take on selected stories by saying "Alexa, more from the BBC" This will get you to the best reporting BBC News has to offer, with each item handpicked by our dedicated team of journalists. You can expect the human stories behind current events, and explainers and analysis on what's going on. Local and National news services: You can also access BBC local news from more than 40 stations across England, as well as the BBC's national services for Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales. Find more information here. Scotland Say "Alexa, play BBC News for Scotland" Or in Gaelic "Alexa, Bulletin Radio nan GÃ idheal" Wales Say "Alexa, play BBC News for Wales" Or in Welsh "Alexa, Bulletin BBC Radio Cymru" Northern Ireland Say "Alexa, play BBC News NI" England Say "Alexa, play BBC News for [location] E.g. "Play BBC News for Manchester" These services are also available in Amazon Alexa "Routines". This means for example you could wake up at the same time each morning to the latest interactive news bulletin, your local news update or favourite BBC radio station. Find more information here. On Google Assistant and Apple Siri: If you say "Hey Google, play BBC News" to your Google Assistant or "Hey Siri, play BBC News" to your Apple device, you'll get a 2-minute BBC News briefing with no interaction involved. Due to limitations imposed by 3rd party platforms the interactive news bulletin and Local & Nations services are only available on Amazon Alexa devices. The BBC does not charge you to access smart speaker content and offers its services without cost to all UK smart speaker platforms. Top Stories Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade Published 6 minutes ago Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe Published 57 minutes ago Water cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium. VideoWater cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium Published 8 hours ago Features UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence Looted art claims pose questions for revamped museum TB Joshua's widow and the battle for his church What went wrong at Man Utd under Solskjaer? The 99-year-old cyclist who has won a world silver medal Why did this mum take her children to the IS capital? The art of a great urban wildlife photo. VideoThe art of a great urban wildlife photo 'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer. Video'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer How one Austrian woman saved 7,700 children from Nazi camps Elsewhere on the BBC 'I feel very cross about it' Joe Lycett uncovers the darker side of his family history Would you buy a house with no doors?! Life in the world's oldest town... Most Read 1Injuries after car ploughs into Wisconsin parade 2Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe 3China tennis star claims to be safe in video call 4Taliban bans women from TV dramas in Afghanistan 5Khashoggi fiancee urges Bieber to cancel Saudi show 6Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle off album pages 7El Salvador plans Bitcoin city at base of volcano 8More protests erupt in Europe over Covid curbs 9Indian billionaires bet big on homegrown couture 10UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info Â© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
