https://www.marian.org/mary/rosary/howto.php
How to Pray the Rosary | Marians of the Immaculate Conception Marians of the Immaculate Conception LOGIN | REGISTER Home About Us Who We Are – History – Patron Saints – Confraternity of the Immaculate Conception Where We Serve Meet the Marians What We Do – Divine Mercy – Devotion to Mary – Works of Mercy – Evangelization Marian Press – Copyright & Permissions – Author Guidelines Marian Fathers' Child Protection Commitment National Shrine Calendar About the Shrine Stations of the Cross Pilgrimages – Bus Registration In the News Divine Mercy Sunday – Bus Registration Encuentro Latino – Bus Registration Gift Shop Novenas/Special Masses National Shrine Candles Hymnals Memorials on Eden Hill Volunteer Donations Contact & Direction Map of Eden Hill Marian Helpers Who we are Marian Helper magazine Enrollments Novenas Votive Candles Memorials on Eden Hill Online Memorials Masses Family Blessings Holy Souls Sodality Circle of Light Friends of Mercy Thirteenth of the Month Vocations Vocations Vocation Support Events Support Us About Us Menu Home Who We Are Where We Serve Meet the Marians What We Do Divine Mercy Devotion to Mary Mary App In the Gospels In the Catechism Teaching of the Popes Vatican II Feast Days Prayers The Rosary How to Pray the Rosary Mysteries Papal Reflections Why the Rosary Tip from a Marian Works of Mercy Evangelization Marian Press How to Pray the Rosary On the 5 decades (sets of 10 beads) of a rosary, we pray and meditate on the corresponding set of 5 Mysteries from the Joyful Mysteries, the Sorrowful Mysteries, the Glorious Mysteries, or the Luminous Mysteries. 1. Make the Sign of the Cross and say the "Apostles Creed." 2. Say the "Our Father." 3. Say three "Hail Marys." 4. Say the "Glory be to the Father." 5. Announce the First Mystery; then say the "Our Father." 6. Say ten "Hail Marys," while meditating on the Mystery. 7. Say the "Glory be to the Father." After each decade say the following prayer requested by the Blessed Virgin Mary at Fatima: "O my Jesus, forgive us our sins, save us from the fires of hell, lead all souls to Heaven, especially those in most need of Thy mercy." 8. Announce the Second Mystery: then say the "Our Father." Repeat 6 and 7 and continue with the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Mysteries in the same manner. 9. Say the 'Hail, Holy Queen' on the medal after the five decades are completed. Daily Mystery Meditations The Mysteries traditionally adhere to certain days of the week. Monday: Joyful Tuesday: Sorrowful Wednesday: Glorious Thursday: Luminous Friday: Sorrowful Saturday: Joyful Sunday: Glorious With Ecclesiastical Approval Official promoters of the authentic Divine Mercy message since 1941 Privacy | Contact Us | Employment Opportunities Copyright © 2021 Marian Fathers of the Immaculate Conception of the B.V.M. All rights reserved. Registered as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. Contributions are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.
