https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/10725415
How to share your questions, stories, pictures and videos with BBC News - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture MenuMore Search Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories More Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads Coronavirus pandemic Your Coronavirus Stories How to share your questions, stories, pictures and videos with BBC News Published 12 August 2020 Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing Image source, Thinkstock Every day BBC News - on TV, on radio and online - brings you the latest stories from across the globe... but what we want to hear are the issues that matter to you. The part you play in making the news is very important. Whether it is breaking news or a featured item, your contribution can make a difference. Have you seen or been involved in a news event? Is something significant, bizarre or unusual happening where you live? Have you got a story to tell or is there something you think we should follow up? Are there topics you want to get the world talking about? On what do you want to comment? Or do you want to find out what others are talking about? Terms of use for sending contributions to the BBC and the BBC's privacy policy. If you have a story, picture or video you wish to share here are the different ways to send in your contributions: Contact us on Twitter Contact us at twitter.com/BBC_HaveYourSay We may use your tweets displaying your Twitter username on BBC output. Message us via a chat app You can send a picture, video or message to our WhatsApp account +44 7756 165803. In some cases your text, as well as your images, may be used on BBC output. We will publish your name as you provide it (unless you ask us not to) but we will never publish your mobile phone number. We aim to read all of your messages but due to the numbers we receive each day it is not always possible to reply to everyone individually. Email Email your stories to haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk We aim to read all of your emails but due to the numbers we receive each day it is not always possible to reply to everyone individually. Email your pictures, video or audio to us at yourpics@bbc.co.uk In some cases your images or audio may be used on BBC output. If we use your material on BBC programmes or online we will publish your name as you provide it (unless you ask us not to) but we will never publish your email address. Upload You can also upload your video or pictures. In some cases your images may be used on BBC output. We will publish your name as you provide it, unless you ask us not to. Is there a story you'd like BBC News to investigate? Use this form to let us know: If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your story or send them via email to Haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any question you send in. Terms and conditions The BBC's Privacy Policy Top Stories Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe Published 1 hour ago Water cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium. VideoWater cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium Published 8 hours ago Injuries after car ploughs into Wisconsin parade Published 1 hour ago Features UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence Looted art claims pose questions for revamped museum TB Joshua's widow and the battle for his church What went wrong at Man Utd under Solskjaer? The 99-year-old cyclist who has won a world silver medal Why did this mum take her children to the IS capital? The art of a great urban wildlife photo. VideoThe art of a great urban wildlife photo 'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer. Video'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer How one Austrian woman saved 7,700 children from Nazi camps Elsewhere on the BBC 'I feel very cross about it' Joe Lycett uncovers the darker side of his family history Would you buy a house with no doors?! Life in the world's oldest town... BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
