https://www.facebook.com/inthemakingcbc/
In the Making - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press alt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Groups Posts Reviews Videos Photos Events About Community Fundraisers See more of In the Making on Facebook Log In orCreate new account See more of In the Making on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate new account Not now CommunitySee All 648 people like this 700 people follow this AboutSee All Contact In the Making on Messenger cbc.ca/inthemaking Artist · TV Show · Art Page TransparencySee more Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - June 26, 2018 People 648 likes Related Pages White Pine Pictures Broadcasting & Media Production Company Vag Halen Musician/Band Katie Sketch Musician The Lindalee Tracey Award Cause Pets by Sorrell Public Figure Public Recordings Performing Arts Jess Dobkin Artist Campaign 2000 Nonprofit Organization DNA Live Arts & Entertainment CitizenKid TV Youth Organization Portrait of a Serial Monogamist Movie Studio Watson Product/Service Reel Start Youth Organization Canadian Network for Psychoanalysis and Culture Community Organization Turismo Rural al Sur de Granada Lodge Jon Locke - Sun Life Financial advisor Investing Service Toxic Beauty Doc Movie Edition - Toronto's Art Book Fair Event JOOJ Musician/Band CEATI International Engineering Service PagesPublic FigureArtistIn the Making English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Meta © 2021 Posts In the Making was live. April 5, 2020 · Tom Power hosts an uplifting mix of interviews, storytelling, music performances & perspectives as he checks in with Canadians across the country. Tonight's episode will feature an interview with Schitts Creek co-creator, showrunner and star Daniel Levy ahead of the hit comedys finale; a performance by groundbreaking JUNO Award-winning singer and songwriter Jessie Reyez, and conversations with Canadians in their communities sharing how they are navigating this challenging time, including three first responders. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser. Close LIVE  What're You At? With Tom Power (ft. Dan Levy and Jessie Reyez) Posted by In the Making 41,733 Views 41K Views In the Making February 18, 2020 · Congratulations to Canadian Screen Awards nominees Michelle Mama, Maya Bankovic and Ann Tipper for their work on season two of In the Making! And a big thanks to the crews who supported their work, and the dozens of people who contributed their time, energy and care to create another season of meaningful stories about extraordinary artists. CBC Arts See All See More
