https://barrie.ctvnews.ca/innisfil-and-bradford-councillors-competing-in-movember-fundraiser-1.5675507
Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Barrie Close BARRIE Search CTV Barrie Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Photo Galleries Contests Around the Region Simcoe - Muskoka COVID-19 Updates Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at Eleven About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Barrie Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser BARRIE, ONT. - One town councillor in Innisfil is challenging a counterpart in Bradford West Gwillimbury for who can bring in the most funds for Movember. Kenneth Fowler serves as the Ward 5 councillor for the town of Innisfil. He's hoping to bring in $2,000 as part of his annual fundraising for Movember and is challenging Bradford West Gwillimbury councillor Peter Ferragine to raise more. "It's just the idea that this is all for a good cause," says Fowler. "Ultimately, no matter whether councillor Ferragine or I come ahead, it's the charities that win, and that's the primary goal right now." Fowler plans to donate his funds towards RVH for a new, high-tech ultrasound unit for prostate cancer diagnosis. It's a very close cause to his heart, losing his father to a four-year battle from cancer more than 20 years ago. "I see the toll it takes on a person and a family, and early detection is the key," says Fowler. "If we can keep our fathers, uncles, father figures, positive role models in our lives, it's something that's truly important. Having a child grow up without a father is something no one should ever endure." The loser will have to sport the opponent's town t-shirt. If you'd like to donate to Fowler's campaign, click here. Barrie Top Stories Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser OPP search for suspects after Thursday shoplifting incident in Gravenhurst Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch New AED installed in Oro-Medonte Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
