https://bc.ctvnews.ca/insurance-for-flood-victims-evacuees-encouraged-to-begin-claim-process-early-1.5669187
Insurance for flood victims | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver Insurance for flood victims: Evacuees encouraged to begin claim process early VANCOUVER - The rains may have stopped but the devastation from flood damage in British Columbia will linger for a long time. It is going to be costly and victims are encouraged to begin the insurance claim process now. In 2015, the Canadian insurance industry began offering overland flood coverage due to increased flood events in Canada. According to the Insurance Bureau of Canada, about 50 per cent of B.C. property owners have purchased it. "We do know and we have received reports of overland flood damage, sewer backups, even wind damage," explained Rob de Pruis, director of consumer and industry relations with the Insurance Bureau of Canada. "If you have been evacuated and you do have the overland flood coverage, you also have coverage for your additional living expenses." Overland flood insurance is also available for businesses and farmers. However, there have been cases where some property owners have been unable to buy flood coverage. Last year, the provincial government offered financial disaster assistance to victims of winter floods who had were unable to get coverage. CTV News asked Emergency Management B.C. if similar assistance would be available to victims of the recent flooding, but has yet to receive an answer. What is clear is the cost of climate change is having an impact. According to the IBC, the cost of claims has more than doubled over the past decade compared to the previous 10 years, rising from $600 million to $2 billion. The Insurance Bureau of Canada says the increased frequency and severity of weather events needs a co-ordinated response. "We really need to make sure that we're talking about building resilience within our communities and this is something that everyone needs to take a part of, the insurance industry, as well as governments and other stakeholders to help build this resilience to make these communities safer," de Pruis said. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
