https://news.gov.bc.ca/releases/2021HLTH0041-001150
Joint statement on B.C.’s COVID-19 response, latest updates | BC Gov News Ã— B.C. has declared a state of emergency | Response to floods and mudslides Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Skip to site search Skip to side bar Skip to footer BC Gov News Search Home Ministries Sectors Connect Subscribe News Archive Live Webcast Office of the Premier Advanced Education and Skills Training Agriculture, Food and Fisheries Attorney General Children and Family Development Citizens' Services Education Energy, Mines and Low Carbon Innovation Environment and Climate Change Strategy Finance Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development Health Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation Intergovernmental Relations Secretariat Jobs, Economic Recovery and Innovation Labour Mental Health and Addictions Municipal Affairs Public Safety and Solicitor General Social Development and Poverty Reduction Tourism, Arts, Culture and Sport Transportation and Infrastructure Office of the Premier Government taking action on old-growth deferrals November 2, 2021 1:35 PM The Province has announced its intention to work in partnership with First Nations to defer harvest of ancient, rare and priority large stands of old growth within 2.6 million hectares of B.C.’s most at-risk old-growth forests. Read More B.C. launches stronger climate plan for a better future October 25, 2021 12:10 PM ALL NEWS FROM THE PREMIER More from the Premier Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Premier's Bio Advanced Education and Skills Training Province helps equip students for success with new tech, trades tools November 10, 2021 1:00 PM Students throughout B.C. will gain the hands-on skills they need, thanks to new technology and trades equipment upgrades at 20 post-secondary institutions. Read More Apprenticeship Recognition Month celebrates the skilled trades November 1, 2021 9:00 AM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Agriculture, Food and Fisheries EAT DRINK LOCAL to support B.C. restaurants October 15, 2021 8:45 AM The fall harvest is on, and British Columbians are encouraged to make an extra effort to support local restaurants during this year’s Buy BC: EAT DRINK LOCAL campaign. Read More Mink farming phase out planned in B.C. November 5, 2021 12:30 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Attorney General Have your say on making new buildings more accessible October 28, 2021 9:30 AM The Province is inviting all British Columbians to provide their feedback about how to make new buildings more accessible for all people. Read More Over 100 new shelter spaces opening for vulnerable people in Kamloops November 9, 2021 3:40 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Children and Family Development Improved system coming for children and youth with support needs October 27, 2021 12:45 PM Neurodiverse children and youth and those with disabilities will benefit from a new service system that will provide supports for children and youth based on their unique needs, with or without a diagnosis. Read More Northern B.C. families benefit from more licensed child care spaces November 10, 2021 1:39 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Citizens' Services Cable-laying ship brings better connectivity to people along B.C.’s coast October 29, 2021 1:20 PM Nearly 140 coastal communities can say “their ship has come in,” thanks to the arrival of a vessel that will begin laying high-speed fibre optics infrastructure along B.C.’s coast. Read More Amendments strengthen access to information, protect people’s privacy October 18, 2021 1:50 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Education Students teaming up with BC Lions to end racism in schools November 12, 2021 11:15 AM Students and staff are invited to team up with the Ministry of Education and the BC Lions Football Club to celebrate diversity and be part of the solution to end racism in schools. Read More New guidelines support K-12 boards considering staff vaccine requirements October 22, 2021 3:45 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Energy, Mines and Low Carbon Innovation EV owners can access more rebates for home, workplace charging October 26, 2021 11:15 AM British Columbians wanting to charge their electric vehicles (EVs) at their condominium building or their place of work can access further funding to help buy and install EV chargers through CleanBC’s Go Electric EV Charger Rebate program. Read More Province releases royalty review discussion paper, kicks off consultation November 10, 2021 2:15 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Environment and Climate Change Strategy B.C. launches stronger climate plan for a better future October 25, 2021 12:10 PM British Columbia is launching a stronger, more ambitious climate plan to deliver on its commitment to reduce climate pollution and build a cleaner, stronger economy for people throughout B.C. Read More Province takes aim at banning problem plastics October 26, 2021 12:25 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Finance B.C. working to strengthen protection for home buyers November 4, 2021 12:00 PM To better protect consumers in B.C.’s real estate market, the Province is introducing legislation that requires cooling off periods for resale properties and newly built homes. Read More B.C. finalizes proof of vaccination policy to protect workers November 1, 2021 10:35 AM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development Government taking action on old-growth deferrals November 2, 2021 1:35 PM The Province has announced its intention to work in partnership with First Nations to defer harvest of ancient, rare and priority large stands of old growth within 2.6 million hectares of B.C.’s most at-risk old-growth forests. Read More A billion trees planted will benefit B.C. for generations November 10, 2021 10:30 AM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Health Joint statement on Health Canada approval of COVID-19 pediatric vaccine November 19, 2021 9:08 AM Dr. Bonnie Henry, B.C.’s provincial health officer, and Adrian Dix, Minister of Health, have issued the following statement regarding Health Canada’s approval of Pfizer’s COVID-19 vaccine for children aged five to 11: Read More B.C. COVID-19 pandemic update November 19, 2021 4:35 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation Enhancing Indigenous-led wellness supports for residential school survivors September 27, 2021 1:15 PM Indigenous service providers are receiving $1.5 million in provincial funding to address the urgent need for culturally safe and trauma-informed mental health and wellness supports for residential school survivors and Indigenous peoples as a result of the ongoing findings at former Indian Residential Schools. Read More Tla-o-qui-aht First Nation, B.C. reach milestone agreement to advance shared reconciliation work October 14, 2021 3:30 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Intergovernmental Relations Secretariat B.C.’s highest honour recognizes 16 British Columbians August 2, 2021 6:15 AM Sixteen exceptional people will be appointed to the Order of British Columbia, the Province’s highest form of recognition, Lt. Gov. Janet Austin, chancellor of the order, has announced. Read More Five French-language projects awarded funding November 5, 2021 11:30 AM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Jobs, Economic Recovery and Innovation Province prioritizes fuel for essential vehicles, introduces travel restrictions November 19, 2021 3:38 PM To help keep people safe and re-establish the movement of critical goods and services following severe flooding and landslides, the Province is taking temporary measures to ensure fuel (gas and diesel) is prioritized for essential vehicles, while keeping it available to British Columbians. Read More Minister's statement on October Labour Force Survey results November 5, 2021 8:35 AM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Labour Options for B.C.’s permanent paid sick leave available for comment September 22, 2021 7:30 AM British Columbians are invited to have their say on three proposed options for permanent paid sick leave shaped by their responses to the first phase of consultation. Read More New rules protecting young workers in effect Oct. 15 October 14, 2021 9:45 AM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Mental Health and Addictions B.C. applies for decriminalization in next step to reduce toxic drug deaths November 1, 2021 3:15 PM British Columbia has taken an important step forward to prevent drug poisoning deaths by applying to the federal government to remove criminal penalties for people who possess small amounts of illicit drugs for personal use. Read More People with mental illness, addictions benefit from new treatment centre October 29, 2021 1:15 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Municipal Affairs Province gives local government more tools to increase housing October 26, 2021 10:15 AM People in B.C. communities will benefit from legislative amendments that give local governments more powers to simplify and speed up their development approvals processes, helping to get the homes people need built faster. Read More Communities to benefit from improved services, environmental infrastructure October 8, 2021 9:00 AM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Public Safety and Solicitor General Province prioritizes fuel for essential vehicles, introduces travel restrictions November 19, 2021 3:38 PM To help keep people safe and re-establish the movement of critical goods and services following severe flooding and landslides, the Province is taking temporary measures to ensure fuel (gas and diesel) is prioritized for essential vehicles, while keeping it available to British Columbians. Read More Provincial state of emergency declared November 17, 2021 1:15 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Social Development and Poverty Reduction Funding supports Victorians to get back to work November 9, 2021 9:30 AM As many as 32 eligible Victorians will get skills training and followup support to prepare them to re-enter the workforce as part-time service-sector workers. Read More New funding connects people to tourism careers in the Okanagan November 15, 2021 8:30 AM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Tourism, Arts, Culture and Sport Royal BC Museum collections and research building moving forward with procurement October 26, 2021 8:30 AM The B.C. government is building a new collections and research building in Colwood and has selected three bidding teams to participate in the next step of the selection process for design and construction. Read More More children, youth will be able to get in the game September 18, 2021 10:00 AM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Transportation and Infrastructure Mandatory training will improve safety for commercial drivers October 6, 2021 9:30 AM Safer, more skilled commercial drivers will be travelling B.C. roads with the implementation of mandatory entry-level training (MELT) for new Class 1 commercial driver’s licence applicants. Read More New detection system ready for avalanche season November 1, 2021 10:00 AM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Search Home Ministries Office of the Premier Advanced Education and Skills Training Agriculture, Food and Fisheries Attorney General Children and Family Development Citizens' Services Education Energy, Mines and Low Carbon Innovation Environment and Climate Change Strategy Finance Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development Health Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation Intergovernmental Relations Secretariat Jobs, Economic Recovery and Innovation Labour Mental Health and Addictions Municipal Affairs Public Safety and Solicitor General Social Development and Poverty Reduction Tourism, Arts, Culture and Sport Transportation and Infrastructure Sectors Connect Subscribe News Archive Live Webcast Health Joint statement on B.C.’s COVID-19 response, latest updates Share More from this Ministry Search Honourable Adrian Dix Minister of Health and Minister responsible for Francophone Affairs Read Bio Contact Email: HLTH.Minister@gov.bc.ca Health Joint statement on Health Canada approval of COVID-19 pediatric vaccine November 19, 2021 9:08 AM Dr. Bonnie Henry, B.C.’s provincial health officer, and Adrian Dix, Minister of Health, have issued the following statement regarding Health Canada’s approval of Pfizer’s COVID-19 vaccine for children aged five to 11: Read More B.C. COVID-19 pandemic update November 19, 2021 4:35 PM ALL NEWS FROM THIS MINISTRY More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Search News Minister's Bio Skip to main content Skip to footer Print Health British Columbia News Joint statement on B.C.’s COVID-19 response, latest updates https://news.gov.bc.ca/24682 Share Joint Statement Victoria Friday, June 11, 2021 3:00 PM View Translations Translations æŸ¥çœ‹ç¹?é«”ä¸æ–‡ç¿»è¯ Voir la traduction en franÃ§ais à¨ªà©°à¨œà¨¾à¨¬à©€ à¨µà¨¿à©±à¨š à¨…à¨¨à©?à¨µà¨¾à¨¦ à¨¦à©‡à¨–à©‹ Share Joint Statement Victoria Friday, June 11, 2021 3:00 PM Media Contacts Ministry of Health Communications 250 952-1887 (media line) More from this Ministry Factsheets & Opinion Editorials Visit Ministry Website Featured Topics Coronavirus (COVID-19) Health & Drug Coverage Accessing Health Care Health Forms Office of the Provincial Health Officer Office of Indigenous Health Featured Services Medical Services Plan PharmaCare HealthLink BC Vital Statistics Health Care Complaints (flickr.com) Dr. Bonnie Henry, B.C.’s provincial health officer, and Adrian Dix, Minister of Health, have issued the following joint statement regarding updates on the COVID-19 response in British Columbia: “Today, we are reporting that 75.1% of all adults in B.C. and 73.1% of those 12 and older have received their first dose of a COVID-19 vaccine. In total, 3,893,581 doses of Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna and AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccines have been administered in B.C., 497,932 of which are second doses. “We have had 180 new cases of COVID-19, including five epi-linked cases, for a total of 146,176 cases in British Columbia. “Of the new cases, 11 are in the Vancouver Coastal Health region, 107 are in the Fraser Health region, 13 are in the Island Health region, 39 are in the Interior Health region and 10 are in the Northern Health region. “There are currently 1,880 active cases of COVID-19 in the province and a further 142,526 people who tested positive have recovered. Of the active cases, 162 individuals are currently hospitalized, 45 of whom are in intensive care. The remaining people are recovering at home in self-isolation. “There has been one new health-care facility outbreak at Rotary Manor Dawson Creek (Northern Health). “There has been one new COVID-19 related death, for a total of 1,730 deaths in British Columbia. Our condolences are with the family, friends and caregivers of the people who have died as a result of COVID-19. “As long as we increase our contacts in a slow and measured way, register and get fully vaccinated, and continue to use our layers of protection, we can confidently move forward with BC’s Restart plan. “What we have seen is that getting fully immunized with your first and second doses of COVID-19 vaccine is making the difference, helping to dramatically slow the spread in our communities. “Right now, invitations for second doses are starting at eight weeks, with appointments bookings in most locations two to three weeks later. The federal government has also confirmed a significant additional shipment of Moderna later this month. This is good news, and our team, led by Dr. Penny Ballem, is working to incorporate that into our vaccination plans. “Whether you have a Pfizer, Moderna or AstraZeneca vaccine, there will be a dose available for you when it is your turn. “Let’s keep slowly and purposefully moving forward to allow all of us to put the COVID-19 pandemic behind us.” Learn More: For the June 10, 2021, modelling presentation, visit: http://news.gov.bc.ca/files/6-10_PHO_presentation.pdf BC’s Restart plan: To see the May 25, 2021, presentation, visit: http://news.gov.bc.ca/files/BCRestartPlan.pdf The latest vaccine information: For information on getting your second dose: https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/covid-19/vaccine/dose-2 Register for your vaccine now: https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/covid-19/vaccine/register Or call 1 833 838-2323 For vaccine information, visit the BC Centre for Disease Control (BCCDC) dashboard: http://www.bccdc.ca/health-info/diseases-conditions/covid-19/data Or: www.bccdc.ca Provincial health officer's orders and guidance: Orders: https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/health/about-bc-s-health-care-system/office-of-the-provincial-health-officer/current-health-topics/covid-19-novel-coronavirus Guidance on restrictions: https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/safety/emergency-preparedness-response-recovery/covid-19-provincial-support/restrictions The latest updates, guidance and information on COVID-19, and where to get tested: The latest medical updates, including case counts, prevention, risks and to find a testing centre near you: http://www.bccdc.ca/ Or follow @CDCofBC on Twitter. Mental health support: Mental health and anxiety support: www.bouncebackbc.ca Or: www.anxietycanada.com Or: http://www.bccdc.ca/health-info/diseases-conditions/covid-19/about-covid-19/mental-well-being-during-covid-19 Or: https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/health/managing-your-health/mental-health-substance-use/virtual-supports-covid-19 Non-health related information: Financial, child care and education support, travel, transportation and essential service information: www.gov.bc.ca/covid19 Or call 1 888 COVID19 (1 888 268-4319) between 7:30 a.m. and 8 p.m. (Pacific time), seven days a week. COVID-19 exposure events, updates and information by health authority: BCCDC (flights, work sites, etc): http://www.bccdc.ca/health-info/diseases-conditions/covid-19/public-exposures Fraser Health: fraserhealth.ca/covid19exposure Interior Health: https://news.interiorhealth.ca/news/public-exposures/ Island Health: https://www.islandhealth.ca/learn-about-health/covid-19/outbreaks-and-exposures Northern Health: https://www.northernhealth.ca/health-topics/outbreaks-and-exposures Vancouver Coastal Health: http://www.vch.ca/covid-19/public-exposures For the latest videos and livestreaming of COVID-19 media availabilities, visit: Facebook: www.facebook.com/BCProvincialGovernment/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/BCGovNews YouTube: www.youtube.com/ProvinceofBC Two backgrounders follow. Media Contacts Ministry of Health Communications 250 952-1887 (media line) Backgrounders Immunization eligibility Age-based program Anyone 12 years or older may now register and book their Dose 1 appointment. Anyone who has received an invitation to book their second dose can also book their appointment. Book online: https://gov.bc.ca/getvaccinated Or call 1 833 838-2323 (between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. Pacific time). First responder and worker program Health authorities are contacting workplaces to arrange for workers to be vaccinated with their first and second doses. AstraZeneca pharmacy program Invitations to book Dose 2 appointments started on Monday, June 7, 2021. For people who received their first dose at their local pharmacy, the pharmacy will contact them to book their Dose 2 appointment once they are eligible. People are asked not to call, as phone appointments will not be accepted. Information on Dose 2: http://www.bccdc.ca/Health-Info-Site/Documents/COVID-19_vaccine/AstraZeneca_2ndDose.pdf Participating pharmacies are listed on the BC Pharmacy Association website: https://www.bcpharmacy.ca/resource-centre/covid-19/vaccination-locations For people who would prefer an mRNA vaccine (Pfizer or Moderna) instead, once they are eligible, they can book online or by phone at one of the age-based mass clinics. Independent and assisted living, long-term care homes, seniors’ rental buildings and acute-care facilities with ongoing COVID-19 outbreaks Independent and assisted living, long-term care homes and seniors’ rental buildings: Active outbreaks: Vancouver Coastal Health – one facility Richmond Lions Manor-Bridgeport (second occurrence) Fraser Health – two facilities Cherington Place (second occurrence) Glenwood Seniors Community (second occurrence) Northern Health – two facilities Heritage Manor Rotary Manor Dawson Creek Interior Health – one facility Spring Valley Care Centre Island Health – no facilities Acute-care facilities: Kelowna General Hospital Richmond Hospital Translations 6-11_JS_Chinese(traditional).pdf 6-11_JS_French.pdf 6-11_JS_Punjabi.pdf SHOW TRANSLATIONS https://news.gov.bc.ca/24682 Related Articles Joint statement on Health Canada approval of COVID-19 pediatric vaccine November 19, 2021 9:08 AM B.C. COVID-19 pandemic update November 19, 2021 4:35 PM Information on drinking-water wells in flooded areas of B.C. November 20, 2021 10:45 AM Connect with the Ministry Photos View the Ministry's latest photos on Flickr. Videos Watch the Ministry's latest videos on YouTube. Sound Bites Listen to the Ministry's latest audio clips on SoundCloud. Connect with Us: BC Gov Facebook Twitter Photos Videos Newsletters RSS Feeds Home Disclaimer Privacy Accessibility Copyright Contact Us Connect View all Social Media
