https://edmonton.ctvnews.ca/red-deer/jury-trial-cancelled-after-accused-in-alberta-doctor-killing-dies-in-custody-1.5652720
Jury trial cancelled after accused in Alberta doctor killing dies in custody | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Edmonton Close RED DEER Search CTV Edmonton Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Red Deer Weather CTV YEG BUZZ Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Personalities Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Red Deer Jury trial cancelled after accused in Alberta doctor killing dies in custody An impromptu memorial for Dr. Walter Reynolds, who died after he was attacked in an examination room rests outside the Village Mall walk-in clinic in Red Deer, Alta., on August 11, 2020. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jeff McIntosh RED DEER - A Crown prosecutor has withdrawn all charges against a man who died weeks before his trial in the killing of a doctor at a central Alberta medical clinic. Bina Border says she can't confirm the cause of Deng Mabiour's death in Calgary this week. Border told court Thursday that the medical examiner's office is investigating. Mabiour, who was 52, was charged with first-degree murder in the Aug. 10, 2020, death of Dr. Walter Reynolds at the Village Mall Walk-In Clinic in Red Deer. He was also charged with assault of a peace officer and assault with a weapon, and the jury trial was to begin Nov. 22. Court of Queen's Bench Justice Paul Belzil has cancelled hundreds of jury summons that had been issued for the trial. The judge says the case was extremely challenging to prosecute as Mabiour had insisted on representing himself. Mabiour had previously undergone two assessments after exhibiting erratic behaviour but was found mentally fit to stand trial. At an appearance in March, court heard that he had an appointment at the Tom Baker Cancer Centre in Calgary for a serious medical condition. Red Deer lawyer Jason Snider, who was appointed as a friend of the court to help Mabiour in his case, confirmed Tuesday that Mabiour died at Calgary's Foothills hospital. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 4, 2021. Edmonton Top Stories MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Stony Plain man $2 million richer after scratch lottery win How to register Alberta children for the COVID-19 vaccine One-day Christmas market supports local animal rescue 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
