https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-59369676
Justin Bieber urged to cancel Saudi show by Khashoggi's fiancee - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture MenuMore Search Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories More Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads World Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East Justin Bieber urged to cancel Saudi show by Khashoggi's fiancee Published 2 hours ago Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing Related Topics Killing of Jamal Khashoggi Image source, Reuters Image caption, Bieber is among the stars to play at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on 5 December The fiancee of murdered journalist Jamal Khashoggi has called on Justin Bieber to cancel his upcoming concert in Saudi Arabia next month. The Canadian singer is among the stars set to perform at the kingdom's first Formula One Grand Prix in Jeddah. But Hatice Cengiz wrote an open letter to Bieber urging him to "send a powerful message" by pulling out. Khashoggi, a prominent critic of the Saudi regime, was murdered at its consulate in Istanbul in October 2018. He had gone there to pick up documents for the couple's wedding. The journalist's body was dismembered as Ms Cengiz waited outside. "Do not sing for the murderers of my beloved Jamal," Ms Cengiz wrote in the letter, published in the Washington Post. She said Bieber had a "unique opportunity" to show that his "name and talent will not be used to restore the reputation of a regime that kills its critics". Bieber is set to headline at the F1 race on 5 December, joined by artists including A$AP Rocky, David Guetta and Jason Derulo. Human Rights Watch has also called on Bieber and the other performers to pull out of the F1 concerts, saying the events are aimed at diverting attention from Saudi Arabia's human rights record. What happened to Jamal Khashoggi? Saudi Arabia's human rights problems that won't go away A US intelligence report found that Saudi Arabia's Mohammed bin Salman, effectively the kingdom's ruler, had approved Khashoggi's assassination. The crown prince however has repeatedly denied any involvement. The 59-year-old journalist had once been an adviser to the Saudi government and close to the royal family, but he fell out of favour and went into self-imposed exile in the US in 2017. Bieber is not the first pop star to face pressure to pull out of a concert in Saudi Arabia. In 2019, rapper Nicki Minaj cancelled a scheduled performance in Jeddah, citing her support for women and LGBT rights. This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Media caption, Mohammed bin Salman is asked: "Did you order the murder of Jamal Khashoggi?" Related Topics Justin Bieber Saudi Arabia Human rights in Saudi Arabia Killing of Jamal Khashoggi More on this story Khashoggi's fiancée: Saudi prince must be punished Published 1 March Saudi Arabia's human rights problems that won't go away Published 21 November 2020 Why Saudi Newcastle takeover is controversial Published 22 October Top Stories Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade Published 8 minutes ago Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe Published 1 hour ago Water cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium. VideoWater cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium Published 8 hours ago Features UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence Looted art claims pose questions for revamped museum TB Joshua's widow and the battle for his church What went wrong at Man Utd under Solskjaer? The 99-year-old cyclist who has won a world silver medal Why did this mum take her children to the IS capital? The art of a great urban wildlife photo. VideoThe art of a great urban wildlife photo 'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer. Video'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer How one Austrian woman saved 7,700 children from Nazi camps Elsewhere on the BBC 'I feel very cross about it' Joe Lycett uncovers the darker side of his family history Would you buy a house with no doors?! Life in the world's oldest town... Most Read 1Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade 2Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe 3Taliban bans women from TV dramas in Afghanistan 4Khashoggi fiancee urges Bieber to cancel Saudi show 5China tennis star claims to be safe in video call 6Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle off album pages 7El Salvador plans Bitcoin city at base of volcano 8Indian billionaires bet big on homegrown couture 9UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence 10More protests erupt in Europe over Covid curbs BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
