https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/kamloops
Kamloops - CBC News Skip to Main Content Menu Search Search Sign In Quick Links News Sports Radio Music Listen Live TV Watch Kamloops Kamloops Currently Selected: Home Contact Us Weather More Kamloops - CBC News Loaded Kamloops - CBC News LIVE RADIOLIVE Radio One - Featured Content Residents in Princeton, B.C., sort through ruined belongings in flood-ravaged homes A vast swath of the downtown in Princeton, B.C., two hours south of Kamloops was decimated when the Tulameen River overflowed its banks, flooding homes and forcing people to evacuate. Now, residents are sorting through the damage. Canada -British Columbia |10 hours ago 'I have nothing left': Merritt, B.C., family asking for help after losing home Barkad Khan and his family had 10 minutes to flee their home when relentless rain pushed the Coldwater River over its banks, forcing the evacuation of all 7,000 Merritt residents on Monday morning. Canada -British Columbia |November 19 'Once in a century' storm has province considering state of emergency Public Safety Minister Mike Farnworth said the province is considering a state of emergency after a 'once in a century' storm led to flooding and mudslides in southern B.C. Canada -British Columbia |November 17| Tk'emlúps te Secwépemc First Nation members re-elect Rosanne Casimir as chief Members of the B.C. nation voted Saturday for their Kukpi7 (chief) and seven councillors, who will serve 3-year terms. The First Nation sparked a national reckoning and international attention to residential schools last year. Canada -British Columbia |November 14 Legion says politically motivated protests on Remembrance Day distracted from veterans' sacrifices The British Columbia branch of the Royal Canadian Legion says it's "unfortunate" that people with political agendas chose Remembrance Day to disrupt those who wanted to honour the sacrifice of military veterans. Canada -British Columbia |November 13 Tk'emlúps te Secwépemc to elect new chief and council this weekend Canada -British Columbia |November 16 Search and rescue teams now searching for missing Kamloops woman Canada -British Columbia |November 13 Cree singer shares song to channel anger, sadness over unmarked graves Canada -North |November 10 GRAND SLAM OF CURLING Brad Gushue triumphs over Bruce Mouat in National final Sports -Olympics -Winter Sports -Curling |November 18| Flags on federal buildings now flying at full-mast, will be lowered again to honour veterans Politics |November 8 More CBC News Footer Links My Account Profile CBC Gem Newsletters About CBC Membership Connect with CBC Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile RSS Podcasts Contact CBC Submit Feedback Help Centre Audience Relations, CBC P.O. Box 500 Station A Toronto, ON Canada, M5W 1E6 Toll-free (Canada only): 1-866-306-4636 TTY/Teletype writer: 1-866-220-6045 About CBC Corporate Info Sitemap Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Jobs Our Unions Independent Producers Political Ads Registry AdChoices Services Ombudsman Corrections and Clarifications Public Appearances Commercial Services CBC Shop Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities Radio Canada International Accessibility It is a priority for CBC to create a website that is accessible to all Canadians including people with visual, hearing, motor and cognitive challenges. Closed Captioning and Described Video is available for many CBC shows offered on CBC Gem. About CBC Accessibility Accessibility Feedback ©2021 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved. Visitez Radio-Canada.ca now
