https://calgary.ctvnews.ca/lethbridge-man-faces-charges-after-superlodge-hotel-drug-trafficking-investigation-1.5673333
Lethbridge man faces charges after Superlodge hotel drug trafficking investigation | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Calgary Close CALGARY Search CTV Calgary Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Lethbridge Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Calgary Lethbridge man faces charges after Superlodge hotel drug trafficking investigation The Superlodge hotel in Lethbridge (File/Google Maps) CALGARY - Police say a Lethbridge man is facing charges following an investigation into suspected drug trafficking at the Superlodge hotel. The investigation was launched earlier this month in response to ongoing concerns about criminal activity at the building, located in the 2200 block of Seventh Avenue South. During the investigation, police said they observed drug trafficking activity originating from a specific room. Officers executed a search warrant on Thursday, at which time three people were arrested. While searching the room, police found a revolver-style pellet gun, rifle-style pellet gun, body armour and a small quantity of fentanyl. Police said a traffic stop was conducted on a vehicle "associated with the room" at which time three more people were taken into custody. One of the people from the vehicle was in possession of bear spray, police said, and a large machete was found on the floor of the vehicle. Weapons seized by Lethbridge police during the execution of a search warrant on Thursday, Nov. 18, 2021. (Lethbridge Police Service handout) Rodney Kesley Bottle, 39, is charged with carrying a concealed weapon, possession of a prohibited weapon and knowingly possessing a prohibited weapon. He is scheduled to appear in court on Jan. 12, 2022. Bottle is prohibited from attending the Super Lodge and possessing any weapons. The other five subjects were released without charges. Calgary Top Stories Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Ethiopian-Canadians rally outside U.S. consulate in Calgary Calgary's Filipino community to gather in support of presidential candidate 1 injured in southwest Calgary house fire Certain white sesame seed and pistachio products recalled for potential Salmonella contamination 'Sign of the strength': Kenney talks about future of the Alberta UCP Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
