https://montreal.ctvnews.ca/lifestyle
Lifestyle | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live Search CTV Montreal Close MONTREAL Search CTV Montreal Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Lifestyle | CTV News Montreal Lifestyle 52 per cent of Quebec households have a cat or a dog, the highest rate ever Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the number of cats and dogs in Quebec has increased by about 200,000 to about 3.25 million, a Leger survey shows. Montreal smoked meat institution Lester's Deli celebrates 70 years in business Briskets are cured for at least five days, cut to perfection, and served on bread that’s made fresh daily at Lester's -- a Montreal deli that’s hardly changed since the 50’s. Operation Nez Rouge set to return to Quebec roads Operation Nez Rouge will be back on Quebec roads this holiday season, after having put a stop to its main mission in 2020 due to COVID-19. MORE LIFESTYLE STORIES Vegan comfort cooking: Buddhist chef offers up plant-based recipes for every day Report released on Quebec's cannabis law shows encouraging results Hand-washing, no yelling 'trick-or-treat': Quebec offers up pandemic Halloween rules Quebecers are planning more in-store holiday shopping and in-person celebrations this year: survey Quebec pet store will no longer sell aversive dog collars More Quebecers are using cannabis -- except 15-17-year-olds Bar tabs may be about to rise, as heatwaves and labour shortages hit beer prices Gas prices in Montreal spike to over $1.50 per litre for first time in years Millennials run for mayor in Montreal suburbs to push for affordable housing Lifestyle videos Are left-handed people given a bad rap? Tik Tok’s newest trend: chlorophyll water Canada: A cashless economy? What is the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System? MORE LIFESTYLE Videos NYC attraction claims to be world's highest building climb A new attraction in New York City challenges guests to climb nearly 400 metres outside a skyscraper to enjoy a unique view of the city. How to properly dispose of your pumpkins after Halloween 'Laundry Evangelist' explains why no stain is permanent Patric Richardson, the 'laundry evangelist' breaks down his top tips for getting stubborn stains out of your clothes. Booking a winter getaway? How to have a fun and safe trip Anyone planning an international trip should do their research on what is needed to safely travel to winter getaways. How the pandemic has caused a growth in 'side hustles' CEO says 4-day work week keeps employees from burning out The founder of a Toronto recruitment firm says she saw productivity and revenue increases after they switched to a four-day work week. Canadian Jenga-playing dog featured on 'The Tonight Show' How a tiny piece of England came to be called Canada Daniele Hamamdjian has the story of a small part of the United Kingdom known as Canada Common and its connections to its presumed namesake. Everything you need to throw a sending-off-summer party Editor's Picks Time travel to the middle ages on a Viking adventure: video game part of new Ubisoft, university partnership If you're looking for a getaway that doesn't involve taking a lot of COVID-19 precautions --or even leaving your couch, a new video game 'Discovery Tour: Viking Age' by the makers of the Assassin’s Creed series may be just the ticket - and it’s rated ‘G.' Gourmet Plateau eatery slammed for advertising minimum wage cooking job When Au Pied de Cochon – about as famous a high-end restaurant as exists in Montreal – advertised a position as a cook starting at $13.50 an hour, the reaction on social media was severe. Athletes from across Canada competing in Boccia Championships in Quebec City The country's best Boccia atheletes competed in six categories of the 27th Canadian Boccia Championships which are being held this week in Quebec City. Quebec doctors who provide care in English say they're concerned about new language legislation The people who provide health care in Montreal in English say they are extremely concerned about what Bill 96 might mean for them and their patients. 'They're bloodsuckers': Montreal man says he lost nearly $400,000 in cryptocurrency scam After losing nearly $400,000 in a romance cryptocurrency scam that started on Facebook Dating, a Montreal resident is warning others to avoid making the same mistake he did. Reconciliation top of mind as Montreal welcomes most diverse city council to date Dominique Ollivier is about to become the second most powerful elected official in Montreal. Private Canadian astronaut gears up for 'pain' experiments in space Mark Pathy, a 52-year-old Montreal businessman, is gearing up to be a guinea pig for experiments on pain as part of the first privately crewed mission to the International Space Station (ISS). Creators of the TikTok video that helped rescue a U.S. teen bring feminism to the masses Two feminist sisters from Quebec whose TikTok video went viral were pleasantly shocked to find out their research potentially saved a life: it led to a 16-year-old girl's silent hand signal and her rescue from a would-be abductor. Some family doctors in Montreal are going private, with burnout and Quebec meddling to blame The Quebec government’s latest attempt at telling Montreal’s family doctors they should be seeing more patients has landed with a thud, according to two general practitioners who said they are demoralized and tired of being micromanaged by the province. CTVNewsMontreal.ca Top Stories Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Montrealers from different faiths and backgrounds gather to denounce hate crimes Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes The Halifax Regional Municipality's Emergency Management Division is closely monitoring the weather forecast as a series of low pressure systems make their way towards the Maritimes. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. One man is dead and another is in critical condition after a fire at a restaurant in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert The City of Chilliwack says the breach in the Sumas River dike in Abbotsford has been repaired, and that it's able to lift an evacuation alert for Chilliwack residents near the Abbotsford border as a result. World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco About 80 people, some wearing ski masks and wielding crowbars, ransacked a high-end department store in the San Francisco Bay Area, assaulting employees and stealing merchandise before fleeing in cars waiting outside. Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Two onetime outsiders hailing from opposite extremes of the political spectrum received the most votes Sunday in Chile's presidential election but failed to garner enough support for an outright win, setting up what's likely to be a polarizing runoff in the region's most advanced economy. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki warned on Sunday that the migrant crisis on the Belarus border may be a prelude to 'something much worse.' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive A taxi driver injured when his passenger's homemade bomb exploded in Liverpool a week ago said it's a 'miracle' he is alive. Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Simu Liu hosted 'Saturday Night Live' for the first time over the weekend. Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 The actor Art LaFleur -- known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams' -- has died at the age of 78. Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees When it comes to her art, Adele has a certain way she likes things to be done. Following the release of her fourth album '30,' the shuffle button is no longer the default option for album listening on Spotify -- but rather listeners will hear the tracks in their listed order. Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll The British government is investigating whether built-in racial bias in some medical devices led to Black and Asian people getting sick and dying disproportionately from COVID-19. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Two months after the 2021 federal election, the 44th Parliament officially begins on Monday, a speech from the throne on Tuesday. The first few days will include a heavy dose of procedure, but also a series of key decisions. One big difference this time around is the vaccine mandate. How will it all work? Here's a rundown of some of the key elements involved in the opening of the new Parliament. Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Federal employment Minister Carla Qualtrough says British Columbians displaced or left jobless due to extreme flooding should immediately apply for employment insurance benefits - even if they wouldn't normally be eligible. Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Concern over the vaccination status of Conservative MPs was front and centre on the eve of a new session of Parliament after one of them tested positive for COVID-19. Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling WhatsApp is adding more details to its privacy policy and flagging that information for European users, after Irish regulators slapped the chat service with a record fine for breaching strict EU data privacy rules. Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Researchers have confirmed the presence of carbon dioxide ‘cold traps’ on the moon, an important discovery that is integral to potential long-term robot or human presence there, they say Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
