https://kitchener.ctvnews.ca/lions-club-s-reverse-santa-claus-parade-returns-to-kitchener-for-second-straight-year-1.5674686
Lions Club's Reverse Santa Claus Parade returns to Kitchener for second straight year | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Kitchener Close KITCHENER Search CTV Kitchener Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Guelph Weather Community Calendar Contests News Links Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Kitchener Lions Club's Reverse Santa Claus Parade returns to Kitchener for second straight year KITCHENER - For the second straight year, the big man in red touched down in Kitchener to ring in the holiday season at the Reverse Santa Claus Parade. Santa landed his sleigh at the Kitchener Aud Saturday afternoon for the unique drive-thru event. Residents rolled into the arena parking lot to drive past Saint Nick and other Christmas floats while remaining in their vehicles. "Oh I love seeing all the boys and girls and their smiles," Santa told CTV News. “They're so excited to see Santa." The province lifted gathering restrictions on outdoor events in October, but parade organizers with the Lions Club of Kitchener said that wasn't enough time to bring back a traditional parade. “We had already made the preparations. We thought we'd go with the way we did last year because it was successful," said Jack Bishop, chairman of the Santa Claus Parade Committee. About 600 vehicles registered for last year's reverse parade and a similar number was expected for 2021. "The kids get to see everything up close and you know, not fighting the crowd so it was absolutely fantastic," said Arlene Nancekivell, who drove through the parade. Other attendees were happy with the short line-ups and low wait times. "This was super organized this year," Jennifer Benninger said. "They obviously had a really good idea of head count in terms of how many cars could go through, so everything moved super well. Everybody was super happy to be here." The Lions Club of Kitchener is also organizing a reverse parade for next weekend at RIM Park in Waterloo. The parade starts at 10 a.m. and registration is not required. More information can be found on the Lions Club of Kitchener website. Kitchener Top Stories 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Missing 55-year-old Brantford woman found safe Pedestrian struck and killed by train in Ingersoll Boy who saved mother’s life takes part in youth police training program Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Lions Club's Reverse Santa Claus Parade returns to Kitchener for second straight year Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
