https://www.ctvnews.ca/world/taxi-driver-hurt-in-u-k-blast-says-it-s-a-miracle-he-s-alive-1.5675153
Liverpool taxi driver says it's a miracle he's alive | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement WORLD Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive The Associated Press Staff Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 10:23AM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: LONDON -- A taxi driver injured when his passenger's homemade bomb exploded in the northwest England city of Liverpool a week ago said Sunday that it's a "miracle" he is alive. In a message issued through the police, David Perry said he was "so thankful that no one else was injured in such an evil act." British police have called the Nov. 14 explosion a terrorist act and are trying to determine the motive of the bomber, Emad Al Swealmeen, who died in the blast outside Liverpool Women's Hospital. Police say the device contained explosives and ball bearings and could have caused "significant injury or death" if it had gone off under different circumstances. Investigators say Al Swealmeen, who was originally from Iraq and had applied unsuccessfully for asylum in Britain, appears to have acted alone. Still, Britain's official terrorism threat level was raised from substantial to severe -- meaning an attack is highly likely -- following the blast. Perry managed to get out of the taxi before it was consumed by flames. He was treated for injuries in a hospital. In his statement the driver said he was "overwhelmed" by the good wishes and generosity he had received after the attack. "I now need time to try to come to terms with what's happened and focus on my recovery both mentally and physically," he said. "Please be kind, be vigilant and stay safe." RELATED IMAGES view larger image This undated photo provided by Greater Manchester Police shows taxi driver David Perry and his wife Rachel. (Greater Manchester Police via AP) Emergency services outside Liverpool Women's Hospital in Liverpool, England, Sunday, Nov. 14, 2021. (Peter Byrne/PA via AP) Related Stories U.K. police release 4 men held over Liverpool taxi bombing Police say Liverpool attacker bought bomb parts for 6 months Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Stories from World Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement Most-Watched false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 The Climate Barometer Sign up for our weekly email newsletter delving into climate science and life on a changing planet. Canada's Most Trusted News. Download the CTV News app now. Most-Read Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
