https://montreal.ctvnews.ca/local-news
Local News | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live Search CTV Montreal Close MONTREAL Search CTV Montreal Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Local News | CTV News Montreal LOCAL NEWS Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths Quebec reported on Sunday that 707 more people have tested positive for COVID-19, with 413 of those not fully vaccinated. MORE montreal news 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help Montreal police are asking for residents' help to find 88-year-old Fernando Audet, who was last seen in Montreal's Villeray neighbourhood on Nov. 21. CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 CTV Montreal's 6 p.m. newscast did not air on television during Sunday's NFL broadcast. You can still watch the shortened newscast with Caroline Van Vlaardingen above. Montrealers from different faiths and backgrounds gather to denounce hate crimes Montrealers of different backgrounds and faiths gathered in a Montreal North mosque to denounce hate crimes and prejudice on Sunday. BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Three young men seriously injured in Montreal stabbing as bars closed Three young men were seriously injured and one is in critical condition following a stabbing as bars closed early Sunday morning in downtown Montreal. SPORTS SPORTS | Montreal beats Toronto FC 1-0 to win Canadian Championship Voyageurs Cup A 1-0 lead, five minutes of added time, at the end of the second half, in a major duel against Toronto FC is a situation that could have brought back bad memories to CF Montreal players. Quebec Liberals proposes an annual allowance of $2,000 for seniors aged 70 and over Dominique Anglade's Liberals are proposing to give up to $2,000 a year to seniors who want to stay at home or in a private residence. Former federal MP Pierre Nantel is the Parti Quebecois candidate in hotly sought after riding Former federal MP, now political analyst at LCN, Pierre Nantel, is looking to make the jump to the Quebec political scene. Time travel to the middle ages on a Viking adventure: video game part of new Ubisoft, university partnership If you're looking for a getaway that doesn't involve taking a lot of COVID-19 precautions --or even leaving your couch, a new video game 'Discovery Tour: Viking Age' by the makers of the Assassin’s Creed series may be just the ticket - and it’s rated ‘G.' Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. Quebec Solidaire has a new president: Alejandra Zaga Mendez The former Quebec Solidaire (QS) candidate in Bourassa-Sauve, Alejandra Zaga Mendez, is the new president of the party. CFL all-time passing leader Anthony Calvillo becomes a Canadian citizen The man who's passed for more yards than anyone in CFL history - Anthony Calvillo - is now a Canadian. FEATURED VIDEOS Protestors disrupt MTL’s Au Pied de Cochon resto Wage offer draws scorn from MTL cooks Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship Four-eared cat becomes social media icon New drama features war in alternate world Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering Rittenhouse acquitted of all charges in Kenosha shooting Local Highlights FROM ACROSS CANADA 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. CFL all-time passing leader Anthony Calvillo becomes a Canadian citizen The man who's passed for more yards than anyone in CFL history - Anthony Calvillo - is now a Canadian. Canadian soldier sentenced to jail in first-of-its-kind cannabis cupcake case A Canadian soldier will spend up to 30 days in jail for drugging her comrades with cannabis-laced cupcakes during a live-fire training exercise in 2018. Overdue library book returned to Vancouver branch nearly 70 years later The phrase "better late than never" applies to library books too, it turns out. A book recently returned to a branch of the Vancouver Public Library was decades overdue. Sask. bison help archaeologist uncover 'rare' 1,000 year old petroglyph Rock carvings from more than a thousand years ago have been discovered at Wanuskewin Heritage Park. Northern Ontario man renovating business finds decades-old bottles of Guinness behind wall When Wayne Wallace was renovating his new computer business on Main Street in Powassan, he found some beer and liquor bottles which he determined are decades-old. Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch The company behind the push to build Canada's first commercial spaceport, to be located on the tip of northeastern Nova Scotia, announced on Friday the first payload client for its initial rocket launch, which it expects near the end of 2023. Court to hear legal challenge to Manitoba PC Leadership race The legal challenge by Shelly Glover over the Manitoba Progressive Conservative Leadership contest will be heard in court on December 23. 69-year-old Toronto woman who posed as man on dating sites tricked women out of millions of dollars: police A Toronto woman who pretended to be a man online and tricked women out of millions of dollars has been arrested, police say. Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Cannabis Seth Rogen's cannabis company Houseplant and Canopy Growth announce partnership end Pfizer claims 3rd dose 'strongly' boosts protection against Delta variant Case involving former CannTrust leaders remanded until Sept. 20 Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai has taken part in a 30-minute video call from Beijing with IOC officials and told them she was safe and well, the Olympic body said on Sunday. Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Mackenzie Hughes of Dundas, Ont., closed with an 8-under 62 Sunday at the RSM Classic to finish in second place, three strokes behind winner Talor Gooch of the U.S. Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Tiger Woods posted a short video showing him hitting golf balls on a driving range on Sunday, nine months after the 15-time major champion suffered serious leg injuries that required surgery following a car crash in Southern California. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tesla Inc chief Elon Musk said on Friday that the company's mobile application was coming back online after an app server outage earlier prevented many owners from connecting to their cars. Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
