https://london.ctvnews.ca/london-attack
London Attack | Full Coverage | CTV News London Skip to main content Live Search CTV London Close LONDON Search CTV London Close News Latest News All News Weather Community Calendar Contests Photo Galleries London Attack Special Series Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg London Attack | Full Coverage | CTV News London London Attack Top Stories Judicial pre-trial ordered in Nathaniel Veltman case The court has ordered a judicial pre-trial in the case against Nathaniel Veltman, 20, the man charged with four counts of murder in the deaths of a Muslim family. Defence team for accused in deaths of London, Ont. Muslim family asks for time Nathaniel Veltman, the 20-year-old charged with killing four members of a London, Ont. Muslim family in June, appeared in court Wednesday. Accused in attack on London, Ont. Muslim family remanded in custody Nathaniel Veltman, who is accused in the deaths of four members of a Muslim family, made a brief court appearance Wednesday. More Local Stories Court appearance for man accused of killing four members of London, Ont. Muslim family Hyde Park Road closed Sunday morning as part of investigation Hyde Park Road to be shut down as part of Veltman investigation Case in deadly London, Ont. attack on Muslim family put over to Sept. 22 MuslimFest going ahead despite recent tragedy Afzaal family's legacy grows at memorial held by Western University London, Ont. terror attack suspect appears in court Thursday London, Ont. Muslim community reacts to national Islamophobia summit National Stories Raptors, former Leafs spend weekend in London, Ont. to help the community heal Terror charges against London, Ont. attack suspect could be Canadian legal milestone 'Taken too soon': Funeral service held for London, Ont. family killed in vehicle attack Donations pour in to help boy left orphaned in London, Ont. attack Friends, neighbours remember victims of London, Ont. vehicle attack What we know about Nathaniel Veltman, the man charged in the London, Ont. attack Could the London, Ont. vehicle attack suspect face terrorism charges? What we know 'This was a terrorist attack,' PM Trudeau says as MPs reflect on Islamophobia after family killed 'Islamophobia is real': Victims of London, Ont. vehicle attack mourned at vigil Muslim community reacts in horror after 4 killed in what police call 'premeditated' hit-and-run Latest Videos Western hosts memorial held for Afzaal family Potential challenges for Veltman's representation Permanent memorial for Afzaal family planned Veltman case adjourned again until July 29 London teen accused of vehicle attack due in court Reassuring international students after attack Terror charges laid against Nathaniel Veltman London attacker to appear in court tomorrow 'We keep getting waves of shock and grief' FEATURES Timeline London, Ont. attack kills four members of Muslim family In Pictures Thousands gathered in London, Ont. on Tuesday, June 8, to mourn the Afzaal family and call for an end to hate. Watch Replay Vigil in London, Ont. for vehicle attack victims People raise their hands in prayer at a vigil for the four family members who were killed in a vehicle attack that police say was motivated by anti-Muslim hate, in London, Ont., in Ottawa, on Tuesday, June 8, 2021. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Justin Tang In Pictures Family killed in London, Ont. vehicle attack CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Two of 17 members of a missionary group who were kidnapped more than a month ago have been freed in Haiti and are safe, "in good spirits and being cared for," their Ohio-based church organization announced Sunday. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' All hands are on deck in Abbotsford, B.C. as workers try to close a roughly 100-metre gap in the Sumas River dike. Todd Battis reports. Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Canada gears up for largest mass vaccinations program for children in history. CTV’s Avis Favaro reports. Canada seeks solutions over U.S. trade issues, supply chain The Three Amigos has begun at the White House for the first time in five years. CTV’s Joyce Napier reports. Feds, B.C. announce joint supply chain recover working group There is yet to be any estimates of how much damage to B.C.’s infrastructure will cost. CTV’s Allison Hurst reports. Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai appears at Beijing tournament Missing tennis star Peng Shuai reappeared in public on Nov.20 at a youth tournament in Beijing, according to videos shared on social media. Kitchener 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Windsor BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade 'I’m just thankful I’m alive': Harrow woman ready to return home after ATV crash $100K attic fire in Windsor, Ont. Barrie Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Northern Ontario Winter conditions close multiple major highways and several weather alerts issued Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Ottawa Phase 2 LRT construction creating accessibility issues for Carlingwood residents Sixteen Ottawa elementary schools have COVID-19 outbreaks OPH reports 55 new COVID-19 cases, 1 new hospitalization, 0 new deaths Toronto Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Winnipeg Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Vancouver Island Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
