https://london.ctvnews.ca/london-defeats-windsor-for-ofc-championship-1.5675293
London defeats Windsor for OFC Championship | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV London Close LONDON Search CTV London Close News Latest News All News Weather Community Calendar Contests Photo Galleries London Attack Special Series Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg London London defeats Windsor for OFC Championship (Souce: The Ontario Football Conference / Twitter) St. Thomas, Ont. - The London Beefeaters defeated the St. Clair Fratmen to make their first-ever appearance in the Canadian Bowl. After trailing the Fratmen by 14 with just two minutes left in the game, London made a comeback to walk away with a 15-14 win. The Fratment lined up to punt from their own 34-yard line, but a bad snap sent the ball over the head of kicker Jake Holloway and rolled all the way to the end zone. Holloway tried to pick it up but couldn’t before Nick Samis pounced on the loose ball for a touchdown. A quick two and out and the Fratmen punted the ball back to the Beefeaters with 1:06 to go. Quarterback Clarke McCallum started the drive at the Fratmen 53-yard line. After a 12-yard completion, he found Spencer Foster wide open in the middle of the field for a catch and run touchdown to tie the game. On the ensuing kick-off the now stunned Fratmen would fumble the return giving the ball right back to the Beefeaters offence on the 18-yard line with 45 seconds left. After winding the clock down, kicker Leo Centeno came on the field with two seconds remaining and punted the ball through the back of the end zone for a rouge and the comeback win for the Ontario Conference title. The victory gave London consecutive OFC Championship wins, and their third title in franchise history. The Beefeaters will now play in and host their first-ever Canadian Bowl on Dec. 4 when they welcome the Langley Rams. The @BeefeatersFtbl are the 2021 OFC Champions #OFCFootball pic.twitter.com/oqGP9Peryi — The Ontario Football Conference (@TheOFCFootball) November 21, 2021 London Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen Pedestrian killed in Ingersoll, Ont. Barn destroyed by fire near Lucknow 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids 16 new COVID-19 cases being reported in Middlesex-London on Sunday Goderich and area welcomes Santa to town Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
