https://london.ctvnews.ca/
London News | Weather & Local Breaking | CTV News London Skip to main content Live Search CTV London Close LONDON Search CTV London Close News Latest News All News Weather Community Calendar Contests Photo Galleries London Attack Special Series Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg London News | Weather & Local Breaking | CTV News London More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' A staff member at Terrace Lodge long-term care home in Aylmer has tested positive for COVID-19. Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen It’s almost time to re-open Clinton’s downtown following a Main Street road closure that started in June. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Pedestrian killed in Ingersoll, Ont. Oxford OPP are on the scene of a fatal collision involving a train and a pedestrian in Ingersoll. Barn destroyed by fire near Lucknow A barn has been destroyed by fire that lit up the sky in both Huron and Bruce County Saturday night. 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids A mother and her five kids are staying in a hotel after a fire forced them from their home in Woodstock. 16 new COVID-19 cases being reported in Middlesex-London on Sunday The Middlesex-London Health Unit (MLHU) is reporting 16 new COVID-19 cases Saturday and no new deaths. Goderich and area welcomes Santa to town It was a busy night for Santa with many local parades on Saturday. London defeats Windsor for OFC Championship The London Beefeaters defeated the St. Clair Fratmen to make their first-ever appearance in the Canadian Bowl. Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Health officials in Ontario reported another 741 cases of COVID-19 on Sunday as well as three more deaths related to the disease. Christmas tree shortage expected in wake of B.C. flooding Flooding in B.C.'s Fraser Valley is keeping thousands of Christmas trees from being delivered to retailers. Driver identified from fatal Central Elgin crash OPP have identified the victim of a fatal crash near St. Thomas. COVID-19 in the U.S.: How do Canada's provinces rank against American states? Looking at confirmed coronavirus cases per million people, how do the U.S. states compare to Canada's provinces and territories? Southwestern Ontario Army Reserves Training to respond to domestic emergency As flood relief continues to arrive in British Columbia, soldiers in London, Ont. are training in the event they are needed for a disaster situation like the one in western Canada. Canada closing its border to unvaccinated athletes on Jan. 15 Canada is closing its border to unvaccinated professional and amateur athletes as of Jan. 15, 2022. Sled dog racing without snow Competitors from across North America converged on the Brant Tract trails, north of Walkerton Saturday, for sled dog racing without snow. Queen marks first wedding anniversary without Prince Philip Queen Elizabeth II has reached her first wedding anniversary since the death of her husband, Prince Philip. Top Videos Caught on cam: Spinning window pane shatters Benefits outweigh potential risk: Dr. Sharma 'I was literally swimming in my backyard' Free clothing event took place in East London, Sunday Clinton's downtown will re-open following Main Street closure How do COVID-19 antiviral pills work? 14 thieves swarm Louis Vuitton store in Chicago Bear freed after getting head stuck in container Editor's Picks Magic of Lights display opens at Longwoods Conservation Area A new drive-thru holiday lights display features a 1.8-kilometre long experience just southwest of London. Woman who got COVID-19 while pregnant urges others to get vaccinated A Sarnia, Ont. woman who was pregnant when she ended up in the ICU fighting for her life after contracting COVID-19 is sharing her cautionary tale. YouTube video nets new kids’ book for Western Space educator A Western University astrophysicist is now a children's author. WATCH LIVE CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at Eleven 11 p.m. Special Series 'He died right then and there': St. Thomas, Ont. Korean War veteran shares emotional reflections At 88 years of age, Bob Maginn remains one tough soldier. Tales of Two Cities: Crime writer John McFetridge explores Canada's urban truths With his latest novel about a private investigator based in Toronto, crime fiction author John McFetridge departs from his past success writing about police and criminals. But he stays close to home with his setting; the cities of Toronto and Montreal have long been his playground. 'Breaking point': Anxiety rising among health-care workers amidst second wave A pair of recent studies looking at how health-care workers are navigating the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic show rising anxiety. Around Ontario Ottawa doctor seeks protection from death threats Doctor Nili Kaplan-Myrth wants officials to protect health workers who face threats from the public. CTV's Megan Shaw reports. What could be next for Ont. amid rising cases Ontario's scientific advisors are looking to Europe to project what could happen next as COVID-19 cases begin to rise again in the province. Parents rally against racism in Barrie-area school Over 100 people flooded Meridian Place in downtown Barrie on Friday to rally against racism in the classroom. Highlights from Across Canada 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. CFL all-time passing leader Anthony Calvillo becomes a Canadian citizen The man who's passed for more yards than anyone in CFL history - Anthony Calvillo - is now a Canadian. Canadian soldier sentenced to jail in first-of-its-kind cannabis cupcake case A Canadian soldier will spend up to 30 days in jail for drugging her comrades with cannabis-laced cupcakes during a live-fire training exercise in 2018. Overdue library book returned to Vancouver branch nearly 70 years later The phrase "better late than never" applies to library books too, it turns out. A book recently returned to a branch of the Vancouver Public Library was decades overdue. CTV News On the Go Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Four-eared cat becomes social media icon W5 Preview: Heartbreaking search for a missing N.S. boy Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. STAY CONNECTED CTVNews.ca Top Stories More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Two of 17 members of a missionary group who were kidnapped more than a month ago have been freed in Haiti and are safe, "in good spirits and being cared for," their Ohio-based church organization announced Sunday. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. LISTEN LIVE CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' All hands are on deck in Abbotsford, B.C. as workers try to close a roughly 100-metre gap in the Sumas River dike. Todd Battis reports. Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Canada gears up for largest mass vaccinations program for children in history. CTV’s Avis Favaro reports. Canada seeks solutions over U.S. trade issues, supply chain The Three Amigos has begun at the White House for the first time in five years. CTV’s Joyce Napier reports. Feds, B.C. announce joint supply chain recover working group There is yet to be any estimates of how much damage to B.C.’s infrastructure will cost. CTV’s Allison Hurst reports. Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai appears at Beijing tournament Missing tennis star Peng Shuai reappeared in public on Nov.20 at a youth tournament in Beijing, according to videos shared on social media. Kitchener 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Windsor More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade 'I’m just thankful I’m alive': Harrow woman ready to return home after ATV crash $100K attic fire in Windsor, Ont. Barrie Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Northern Ontario Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Ottawa Phase 2 LRT construction creating accessibility issues for Carlingwood residents Sixteen Ottawa elementary schools have COVID-19 outbreaks OPH reports 55 new COVID-19 cases, 1 new hospitalization, 0 new deaths Toronto Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Winnipeg Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Vancouver Island Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
