https://researchonline.lshtm.ac.uk/id/eprint/4658008/
LSHTM Research Online LSHTM LSHTM Research Online Toggle navigation Home LSHTM Research Online About About Open Access Policies Accessibility Browse Browse by Year Browse by Faculty Browse by Research Centre Browse by LSHTM Author Browse by Type Browse by Funders Browse by Publication Theses Open Access Guide Repository Statistics Search Login Toggle navigation Login Children are important too: juvenile playgroups and maternal childcare in a foraging population, the Agta. Copy to clipboard Copy Page, Abigail E; Emmott, Emily H; Dyble, Mark; Smith, Dan; Chaudhary, Nikhil; Viguier, Sylvain; Migliano, Andrea B; (2021) Children are important too: juvenile playgroups and maternal childcare in a foraging population, the Agta. Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences, 376 (1827). 20200026-. ISSN 0962-8436 DOI: https://doi.org/10.1098/rstb.2020.0026 Permanent Identifier Use this Digital Object Identifier when citing or linking to this resource. Copy to clipboard Copyhttps://doi.org/10.1098/rstb.2020.0026 Abstract Non-maternal carers (allomothers) are hypothesized to lighten the mother's workload, allowing for the specialized human life history including relatively short interbirth intervals and multiple dependent offspring. Here, using in-depth observational data on childcare provided to 78 Agta children (a foraging population in the northern Philippines; aged 0-6 years), we explore whether allomaternal childcare substitutes and decreases maternal childcare. We found that allomother caregiving was associated with reduced maternal childcare, but the substitutive effect varied depending on the source and type of care. Children-only playgroups consistently predicted a decrease in maternal childcare. While grandmothers were rarely available, their presence was negatively associated with maternal presence and childcare, and grandmothers performed similar childcare activities to mothers. These results underscore the importance of allomothering in reducing maternal childcare in the Agta. Our findings suggest that flexibility in childcare sources, including children-only playgroups, may have been the key to human life-history evolution. Overall, our results reinforce the necessity of a broad conceptualization of social support in human childcare. This article is part of the theme issue 'Multidisciplinary perspectives on social support and maternal-child health'. Additional Information Item Type Article Faculty and Department Faculty of Epidemiology and Population Health > Dept of Population Health (2012- ) Research Centre Population Studies Group PubMed ID 33938270 Elements ID 151553 RDF+XML BibTeX RIOXX2 XML RDF+N-Triples MARC XML JSON Dublin Core Dublin Core Atom MARC (ISO 2709) Simple Metadata Refer METS HTML Citation ASCII Citation OpenURL ContextObject EndNote OpenURL ContextObject in Span MODS MPEG-21 DIDL EP3 XML Data Cite XML Reference Manager RDF+N3 Multiline CSV MARC (ASCII) Export Share Download Accepted Version Download Filename: Page_etal_2021_Children-are-important-too.pdf Licence: Creative Commons: Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 Download Downloads View details Metrics & Citations Google Scholar Report this Record Edit item (admin only) View this record in elements freedom of information cookies privacy notices contact us LSHTM Research Online is hosted by © 2019 London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine. All rights reserved.
