https://vancouverisland.ctvnews.ca/expect-major-congestion-malahat-highway-to-close-overnight-as-repairs-will-take-days-1.5668173
Malahat highway to close overnight as repairs will take days, 'major congestion' expected | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Island Close VANCOUVER ISLAND Search CTV Vancouver Island Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Sawatsky Sign-off Contests Events Video Latest All Video Hike the Island CTV News Live Video Help Last Laugh Shows News Programs CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Personalities Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs News Links Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver Island 'Expect major congestion': Malahat highway to close overnight as repairs will take days Victoria - The Malahat highway reopened to single-lane alternating traffic on Tuesday morning, following heavy rains Monday. While the highway has reopened for "essential travel," the province says the Malahat will be closed in both directions overnight for six days. The highway will be closed from 7 p.m. Tuesday to 6 a.m. Wednesday. Following that, the highway will be closed from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. for five days, according to the Ministry of Transportation. "The full overnight closure is required to repair the highway at Tunnel Hill from damage caused by the recent weather conditions," said the ministry in a release Tuesday. The province says there's no firm date for when single-lane alternating traffic will end. Currently, traffic alternates by direction in the 30-minute intervals. Road maintenance contractor Emcon Services says the highway could be down to a single lane for up to a week as crews repair damage caused by the flooding. The highway was closed through the Goldstream area as a geotechnical assessment was conducted overnight Monday. The extent of the damage remains unknown. Work crews partially reopened the highway just before 9 a.m. Tuesday after heavy rainfall and ground instability forced the closure of the main artery between Victoria and the Cowichan Valley. Current wait times to travel through the area in either direction range from 30 minutes to two hours. Emcon spokesperson Andrew Gaetz says the major failure occured on the shoulder of the roadway, but may have compromised the stability of the northbound lane. The closure stranded countless travellers and prompted BC Ferries to operate the Mill Bay ferry across the Saanich Inlet overnight. Hundreds of cars were already lined up at the Brentwood Bay ferry terminal, waiting to cross the inlet, by 7:30 a.m. Tuesday. One woman waiting in the line said local residents had provided coffee and blankets to those waiting to board the small ferry. The province says the only detours available are the Brentwood Bay ferry, and the Pacific Marine car route. B.C. Public Safety Minister Mike Farnworth said Tuesday that an "unbelievable" amount of rain flooded the Malahat in the Goldstream area. "I don’t think anyone has seen the kind of rain they’ve seen in Goldstream," Farnworth said. "It's just unbelievable." "The crews, contractors, search and rescue people, everybody involved in this emergency over the past 24 hours has done just an incredible job, not just here on the island but all over the province," Farnworth added. Emcon is urging drivers to only travel the Malahat if it is absolutely necessary. A DriveBC highway camera looks south at the Malahat highway from Goldstream Park at Finlayson Arm Road.: Nov. 16, 2021 "I would expect major congestion," an Emcon spokesperson told CFAX 1070 on Tuesday. "The Malahat can be congested on a good day... please only travel if it's essential." Top Stories Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding B.C. road report: Which highways are open now, and what is essential travel? Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
