https://winnipeg.ctvnews.ca/manitoba-man-donates-blood-200-times-in-30-years-1.5674286
Manitoba man donates blood 200 times in 30 years | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Winnipeg Close WINNIPEG Search CTV Winnipeg Close News Latest News All Articles Sports Photo Galleries Contests Weather Video Latest All Video Around Manitoba Medical Watch CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Community Calendar Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Winnipeg Manitoba man donates blood 200 times in 30 years WINNIPEG - A Manitoba man has reached an impressive milestone – donating blood 200 times. For the past 30 years, Brian Powney has donated blood whenever he is able too – which is about every 56 days. It started back when he was a 17-year-old high school student in Dauphin. He said the Canadian Red Cross came to his high school to tell people about giving blood. He said he went home after school to talk to his parents about it. "They both thought it was an excellent idea, a great way to give back to the community," he said, adding his dad agreed to take him to a clinic. "So the two of us went and we both donated, and that was the start of it." Powney donated blood sporadically after that for the next few years. But things changed for Powney when his sister-in-law had to go for surgery and needed blood donations. "Then all of a sudden, it clicked that if somebody had not donated blood, she would never have had her surgery, she wouldn't have survived and wouldn't be with us," he said. "That is what made it real." Powney said after that, he became a lot more consistent in donating blood, and soon he was starting to meet donation benchmarks. "But as the numbers started to add up, then it became more of a drive, more of a mission," he said. "When I hit 100, I kind of set a goal that I wanted to hit 200 for sure before health or whatever would cause me to not be able to donate anymore." Though he has reached his goal of 200 donations, he says he plans to keep on donating as long as he is able to. "I realize that eventually I will not be able to donate anymore, and I'm hoping that by sharing my story, it will inspire somebody else to say, 'that's a really good thing to do. I want to do something similar. I want to get back as well,'" Powney said. Manitobans can book an appointment to donate blood online or by calling 1-888-236-6283. -With files from CTV's Maralee Caruso Winnipeg Top Stories Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Winnipegger finds 87-year-old newspaper in wall while renovating Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays High wind and ice pileup risk on south shores of Lake Winnipeg and Lake Manitoba: Manitoba Government 'Flames probably shooting 20 feet': Large fire destroys clubhouse at Morden golf course A look at Manitoba's most expensive homes on the market Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
