https://winnipeg.ctvnews.ca/mcdavid-turris-score-in-shootout-to-lift-oilers-past-jets-2-1-1.5672778
McDavid, Turris score in shootout to lift Oilers past Jets 2-1 | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Winnipeg Close WINNIPEG Search CTV Winnipeg Close News Latest News All Articles Sports Photo Galleries Contests Weather Video Latest All Video Around Manitoba Medical Watch CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Community Calendar Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Winnipeg McDavid, Turris score in shootout to lift Oilers past Jets 2-1 Winnipeg Jets' Andrew Copp (9) is stopped by Edmonton Oilers goalie Stuart Skinner (74) during first period NHL action in Edmonton on Thursday, November 18, 2021.THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jason Franson WINNIPEG - Connor McDavid and Kyle Turris scored in the shootout as the Edmonton Oilers emerged with a 2-1 victory over the Winnipeg Jets on Thursday. McDavid also scored in regulation and rookie goaltender Stuart Skinner made 45 saves and was perfect on two shootout attempts for the Oilers (12-4-0) who improved to 7-1-1 on home ice. Nikolaj Ehlers replied for the Jets (9-3-4), who had a three-game winning streak halted. There was no scoring in the first period with the Jets putting 17 shots on Skinner and the Oilers directing 10 on Winnipeg starter Connor Hellebuyck. Skinner made the best save of the opening frame with 10 seconds remaining, stopping a point-blank shorthanded rebound by Andrew Copp. It remained scoreless through 40 minutes, with the shots favouring the Jets 27-20. The Jets finally broke the deadlock with 6:03 left in the third on their 33 shots of the contest as Ehlers beat Skinner high to the glove side from the top of the circle. However, the Oilers came storming back just 28 seconds later as McDavid scored another highlight-reel goal as he danced through three Winnipeg defenders before beating Hellebuyck for his 11 of the year, extending his points streak to 16 games. McDavid then unfortunately took a double-minor for high-sticking Mark Scheifele with 43.6 seconds left, but Edmonton was able to hang on and force overtime. The Oilers had a heroic penalty kill in overtime to send the game to a shootout. Hellebuyck stopped 31 shots. The Jets are right back at it on Friday in Vancouver against the Canucks. The Oilers remain home to host the Chicago Blackhawks on Saturday. Notes: It was the second half of a home-and-home between the two teams, with the Jets winning the first chapter 5-2 on Tuesday in WinnipegΓÇª Out with injuries for the Oilers were forwards Derek Ryan (possible concussion) and Devin Shore (undisclosed) and goalie Mike Smith (lower body). Missing from the Jets lineup were forwards Paul Stastny (lower body) and Bryan Little (ear)... The Oilers came into the game with the league's top power play unit (42.6 per cent) while Winnipeg had the second-worst league-penalty kill at 64.3 per cent. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 18, 2021. Winnipeg Top Stories Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Winnipegger finds 87-year-old newspaper in wall while renovating Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays High wind and ice pileup risk on south shores of Lake Winnipeg and Lake Manitoba: Manitoba Government 'Flames probably shooting 20 feet': Large fire destroys clubhouse at Morden golf course A look at Manitoba's most expensive homes on the market Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
