https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/coronavirus/high-risk-canadians-now-advised-to-wear-medical-face-masks-phac-1.5671777
Medical masks recommended for high-risk Canadians | CTV News CTV News FOLLOW ON CORONAVIRUS IN CANADA New cases today: 1,602 | Active cases: 25,481 | Deceased: 29,498 CORONAVIRUS UPDATES Complete coverage at CTVNews.ca/Coronavirus COVID-19 NEWSLETTER Receive the most important updates in your inbox COVID-19 VACCINE TRACKER Track the number of people in Canada who have received doses Advertisement POLITICS High-risk Canadians now advised to wear medical face masks: PHAC Brooklyn Neustaeter CTVNews.ca Writer @bneustaeter Contact Published Thursday, November 18, 2021 1:25PM EST Last Updated Thursday, November 18, 2021 1:25PM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: TORONTO -- The Public Health Agency of Canada (PHAC) is now recommending those at risk of higher exposure and more severe disease outcomes from COVID-19 wear a medical face mask. The guidance, which was quietly updated Nov. 12, advises that these individuals "could also consider using a respirator" in certain situations. The PHAC is now advising medical masks be worn by: anyone who has tested positive for or has symptoms of COVID-19 people caring for someone who has tested positive or has symptoms of COVID-19 people who live in an overcrowded setting with someone who has tested positive or has symptoms of COVID-19 people who are at risk of more severe disease or outcomes from COVID-19 people who are at higher risk of exposure to COVID-19 because of their living situation Previous guidance advised Canadians at higher risk of exposure and severe disease "wear a well-fitting, well-constructed non-medical mask that includes a filter layer" or "consider wearing a well-fitting medical mask if one is available." CTVNews.ca has reached out to the PHAC for comment, but did not hear back before the time of publication. When worn properly, studies have shown that face masks can help contain respiratory particles, and prevent or reduce the amount of infectious respiratory particles a person inhales. Newsletter sign-up: Get The COVID-19 Brief sent to your inbox The PHAC advises Canadians to continue practising all public health measures recommended by local public health authorities, including individual measures like wearing a mask. "When layered with other recommended public health measures, a well-constructed, well-fitting and properly worn mask can help prevent the spread of COVID-19," the PHAC notes in its mask guidance online. The change came after Canada's chief public health officer advised Canadians during a press conference earlier Friday to opt for a mask that offers the best quality and fit. "The same as vaccination provides us with an essential base layer of immune readiness protection, masks are an essential top layer against virus inhalation and spread between people," Dr. Theresa Tam said. "Heading into the winter, there are many reasons to ensure that our top or outer barrier layer of protection is of the best quality and fit possible. With the highly contagious Delta variant continuing to predominate, the risk for surges and disease activity is likely to increase with more time spent indoors, particularly where there are pockets of low vaccine coverage." Tam warned of slight "turbulence" amid rising new COVID-19 cases across much of the country. Although severe illness remains stable, she said infections need to be kept down in order to prevent increases, along with other protectionary measures such as proper hand hygiene and avoiding crowds. While medical and fabric masks range in effectiveness, Dr. Ronald St. John, former director-general of the Public Health Agency of Canada's Centre for Emergency Preparedness and Response, told CTV News Channel on Friday it is important that any mask fits properly to the face without any gaps. "Make sure the little metal band is pressed around your nose and it's tucked under your chin, including covering your facial hair and so forth. That's going to be a major deterrent for transmission," he said. With files from CTVNews.ca's Michael Lee RELATED IMAGES view larger image A woman wears a face mask as she walks by a sign for a COVID-19 vaccination site in Montreal, Sunday, May 16, 2021, as the COVID-19 pandemic continues in Canada and around the world. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Graham Hughes Tracking every case of COVID-19 in Canada Coronavirus vaccination tracker: How many people in Canada have received shots? Feds to announce approval of kids' COVID-19 vaccine, easing of border measures Friday High-risk Canadians now advised to wear medical face masks: PHAC Canadian Medical Association urges federal government to protect health-care workers 'I won't be here next year': Canadians robbed of life by delayed diagnoses amid pandemic Antibody protection after mild COVID-19 may not last, study suggests Feds to lift PCR test requirement for short trips 5th wave 'a risk' as Albertans gather inside, Hinshaw warns 'Super easy': How Canadian travellers are getting free COVID-19 tests to return home from U.S. Full coverage at CTVNews.ca/Coronavirus Related Stories Does a fabric mask provide enough protection against COVID-19? Experts weigh in High-efficiency masks up to six times better at filtering aerosols than cloth, surgical masks: Canadian study Should you double up on your face masks? Experts weigh in Related Links COVID-19 mask use from PHAC Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News Re-opening Canada COVID-19 vaccine booster eligibility by province and territory in Canada Canada closing its border to unvaccinated athletes on Jan. 15 Canada drops molecular COVID-19 test requirement for short trips abroad 5th wave 'a risk' as Albertans gather inside, Hinshaw warns Health minister promises announcement soon on COVID-19 border measure changes 'Super easy': How Canadian travellers are getting free COVID-19 tests to return home from U.S. How does it affect me? Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays Vaccine superheroes: Experts impressed with communications that target children High-risk Canadians now advised to wear medical face masks: PHAC CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says Top Videos false WATCH:Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false WATCH:Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false WATCH:Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand Advertisement LIVE COVERAGE LIVE COVERAGE LIVE: Watch ongoing news coverage on CTV News Channel IN-DEPTH COVERAGE INTERACTIVE COVID-19 in Canada How do Canada's provinces rank against American states? Compare Canada to other countries 'I won't be here next year': Canadians robbed of life by delayed diagnoses amid pandemic Coronavirus Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada 'I lost everything': Guadeloupe riots overtake COVID-19 protest Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated VIDEO EXPLAINERS false WATCH:Ont. students to get 5 rapid test kits for winter break false WATCH:Feds to scrap PCR test requirements for short trips to U.S. false WATCH:Health Canada approves Pfizer booster for ages 18 and older false WATCH:Health officials monitoring new Delta variant mutations Finances during the crisis Documents show impact of federal pandemic-era benefits on seniors, families Criminal entities defrauded COVID-19 benefit programs: intelligence reports Two-thirds of Canadians want pandemic aid lowered or to end: Nanos 'Hassle cost' of COVID-19 test may dissuade shoppers from crossing Canada-U.S. border, expert says NEWSLETTER Sign up for The COVID-19 Brief newsletter Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Editorial Standards and Policies © 2020All rights reserved. Back to top
