https://kitchener.ctvnews.ca/mental-health-a-serious-concern-for-local-farmers-study-finds-1.5672574
Mental health a serious concern for local farmers, study finds | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Kitchener Close KITCHENER Search CTV Kitchener Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Guelph Weather Community Calendar Contests News Links Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Kitchener Mental health a serious concern for local farmers, study finds GUELPH - New research from the University of Guelph shows that mental health in rural and farm communities has taken a hit during the pandemic. The issue is now being recognized on the farm as the impact of that stress is being felt by family-run operations. "What am I worried about this week? Well we really would like to get the garlic planted, we really would like to get the corn harvested, but the combine can’t get into the field right now because it’s too mucky," says Teresa van Raay, part-owner of the farm. The Van Raay family is building a new pig barn on its land in Dashwood near Exeter and she says farmers are increasingly realizing the mental strain is just as tough as the physical labour, with the work never leaving your sight. "A stresser for me this fall was rain drops hitting a window. It was like you were planning to get things done and as soon as the rain drops hit, you could feel your stomach just tighten up," she said. Van Raay isn’t the first in the agriculture industry to recognize the issue of stress on the job. University of Guelph professor Leith Deacon launched research focused on mental health in rural communities during the pandemic. "The initial results highlighting mental health have been pretty concerning" Deacon said. An initial survey backed by the County of Huron saw 3,600 respondents. Deacon says the results show an 80% increase in reported poor mental health. Now the Ontario Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs (OMAFRA) is backing the research for a second round of surveys with $230,000 in funding. Deacon says so far another 15,000 surveys have been returned and he hopes it can create a database to inform new policies. "If you own a working farm or are an agriculture producer, at 4:30 or 5 p.m. on a Friday do you close those barns doors and come back on Monday? That’s just not the reality and the programs and policies have to reflect that," Deacon said. Van Raay says whether it’s a walk or a workout, taboos are changing on the farm when it comes to talking about mental health. "Sometimes you don’t want to show weakness because we’re very physical on the farm so you want to physically go through everything, but mental health is not physical," said van Raay. Van Raay hopes new programs can help continue the conversation. Kitchener Top Stories 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Missing 55-year-old Brantford woman found safe Pedestrian struck and killed by train in Ingersoll Boy who saved mother’s life takes part in youth police training program Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Lions Club's Reverse Santa Claus Parade returns to Kitchener for second straight year Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
