https://www.ctvnews.ca/sports/mercedes-wants-to-review-hamilton-verstappen-overtake-move-1.5668377
Mercedes wants to review Hamilton-Verstappen overtake move | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV News Close Search CTV News Close NEWS Coronavirus Canada Residential Schools World Entertainment Politics Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Business Weather 5 Things to Know Don Martin Blog Autos W5 Photo Galleries Newsletters VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 Pop Life LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Pop Life Schedule ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Sports Mercedes wants to review Hamilton-Verstappen overtake move Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton, front, steers his car followed by Red Bull's Max Verstappen, during the Brazilian Formula One Grand Prix at the Interlagos race track in Sao Paulo, Brazil, on Nov. 14, 2021. (Andre Penner / AP) PARIS - Mercedes has asked for a review of the overtaking incident involving world champion Lewis Hamilton and title rival Max Verstappen during the Brazilian Grand Prix, the Formula One team said Tuesday. Verstappen was leading the race on Lap 48 when the Red Bull driver defended an attack from Hamilton on Turn 4 and appeared to push the Mercedes star wide off track. Both were able to continue and Hamilton overtook Verstappen for good on Lap 59 at Interlagos to win and slash the Dutchman's overall lead to 14 points, despite starting last Sunday's race from 10th place on the grid. Race stewards noted the incident at the time but quickly concluded no further action was necessary as they considered it a racing incident. "I think it was a good battle," Verstappen said after the race. "I mean we both of course tried to be ahead into the corner so I braked a bit late to get that position. I was on the edge of grip. That's why I think I was already on the apex and it's a safer way of running a bit wide there. In a way, I was happy stewards decided we could keep on racing." Hamilton appeared to shrug it off in his post-race press conference. "I didn't think too much of it and obviously I'll have to watch the replay, but it's hard battling and wouldn't expect anything less really," the British driver said. "We didn't touch wheels, which is good." But now Mercedes said it is appealing "on the basis of new evidence unavailable to the stewards at the time of their decision." The stewards must now meet with representatives from the team to assess the new evidence. Governing body FIA need to confirm if they accept the review. There are three races left in a thrilling championship battle heading into Sunday's inaugural Qatar GP. If the review concludes there was wrongdoing on Verstappen's part, he could potentially be hit with a grid penalty for that race or a five-second time penalty. Verstappen finished the race in second place ahead of Hamilton's teammate Valtteri Bottas. A five-second time penalty would drop him to third and reduce his overall lead from 14 points to 11. The 36-year-old Hamilton is bidding for an eighth world title to move one ahead of Michael Schumacher and stand alone among F1 greats, while the 24-year-old Verstappen seeks his first. Verstappen leads Hamilton 9-6 for wins after 19 races this season, and they have been involved in two heated incidents. Hamilton was penalized for knocking Verstappen out of the British GP in July with an aggressive overtake and went on to win, while the drivers collided heavily and both went out of the Italian GP in September. After Qatar, the season concludes with the inaugural Saudi Arabian GP in the Red Sea port city of Jeddah and the final race under floodlights in Abu Dhabi. MORE SPORTS NEWS IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Manchester United sack manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer A sign for '22: Zverev dominates to claim ATP Finals trophy Slovakian skier Vlhova beats Shiffrin for the second time in two days Hamilton wins in Qatar, slices into Verstappen points lead WTA chief says new video of Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai 'insufficient' to assure her safety Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
