https://montreal.ctvnews.ca/
Montreal News | Local Breaking | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live Search CTV Montreal Close MONTREAL Search CTV Montreal Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Montreal News | Local Breaking | CTV News Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths Quebec reported on Sunday that 707 more people have tested positive for COVID-19, with 413 of those not fully vaccinated. 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help Montreal police are asking for residents' help to find 88-year-old Fernando Audet, who was last seen in Montreal's Villeray neighbourhood on Nov. 21. CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 CTV Montreal's 6 p.m. newscast did not air on television during Sunday's NFL broadcast. You can still watch the shortened newscast with Caroline Van Vlaardingen above. Complete Weather Forecast Weather brought to you by MORE TOP STORIES Montrealers from different faiths and backgrounds gather to denounce hate crimes Montrealers of different backgrounds and faiths gathered in a Montreal North mosque to denounce hate crimes and prejudice on Sunday. More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Three young men seriously injured in Montreal stabbing as bars closed Three young men were seriously injured and one is in critical condition following a stabbing as bars closed early Sunday morning in downtown Montreal. SPORTS SPORTS | Montreal beats Toronto FC 1-0 to win Canadian Championship Voyageurs Cup A 1-0 lead, five minutes of added time, at the end of the second half, in a major duel against Toronto FC is a situation that could have brought back bad memories to CF Montreal players. Quebec Liberals proposes an annual allowance of $2,000 for seniors aged 70 and over Dominique Anglade's Liberals are proposing to give up to $2,000 a year to seniors who want to stay at home or in a private residence. Former federal MP Pierre Nantel is the Parti Quebecois candidate in hotly sought after riding Former federal MP, now political analyst at LCN, Pierre Nantel, is looking to make the jump to the Quebec political scene. Time travel to the middle ages on a Viking adventure: video game part of new Ubisoft, university partnership If you're looking for a getaway that doesn't involve taking a lot of COVID-19 precautions --or even leaving your couch, a new video game 'Discovery Tour: Viking Age' by the makers of the Assassin’s Creed series may be just the ticket - and it’s rated ‘G.' Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. Quebec Solidaire has a new president: Alejandra Zaga Mendez The former Quebec Solidaire (QS) candidate in Bourassa-Sauve, Alejandra Zaga Mendez, is the new president of the party. CFL all-time passing leader Anthony Calvillo becomes a Canadian citizen The man who's passed for more yards than anyone in CFL history - Anthony Calvillo - is now a Canadian. Gourmet Plateau eatery slammed for advertising minimum wage cooking job When Au Pied de Cochon – about as famous a high-end restaurant as exists in Montreal – advertised a position as a cook starting at $13.50 an hour, the reaction on social media was severe. Christmas Market is back in downtown Montreal, normality returning? A sign that things in Montreal are returning to normal despite high daily COVID-19 numbers is the return of the annual outdoor Christmas market. Top Videos Protestors disrupt MTL’s Au Pied de Cochon resto Wage offer draws scorn from MTL cooks Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship Four-eared cat becomes social media icon New drama features war in alternate world Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering Rittenhouse acquitted of all charges in Kenosha shooting Editor's Picks Time travel to the middle ages on a Viking adventure: video game part of new Ubisoft, university partnership If you're looking for a getaway that doesn't involve taking a lot of COVID-19 precautions --or even leaving your couch, a new video game 'Discovery Tour: Viking Age' by the makers of the Assassin’s Creed series may be just the ticket - and it’s rated ‘G.' Gourmet Plateau eatery slammed for advertising minimum wage cooking job When Au Pied de Cochon – about as famous a high-end restaurant as exists in Montreal – advertised a position as a cook starting at $13.50 an hour, the reaction on social media was severe. Athletes from across Canada competing in Boccia Championships in Quebec City The country's best Boccia atheletes competed in six categories of the 27th Canadian Boccia Championships which are being held this week in Quebec City. Quebec doctors who provide care in English say they're concerned about new language legislation The people who provide health care in Montreal in English say they are extremely concerned about what Bill 96 might mean for them and their patients. 'They're bloodsuckers': Montreal man says he lost nearly $400,000 in cryptocurrency scam After losing nearly $400,000 in a romance cryptocurrency scam that started on Facebook Dating, a Montreal resident is warning others to avoid making the same mistake he did. Reconciliation top of mind as Montreal welcomes most diverse city council to date Dominique Ollivier is about to become the second most powerful elected official in Montreal. Private Canadian astronaut gears up for 'pain' experiments in space Mark Pathy, a 52-year-old Montreal businessman, is gearing up to be a guinea pig for experiments on pain as part of the first privately crewed mission to the International Space Station (ISS). Creators of the TikTok video that helped rescue a U.S. teen bring feminism to the masses Two feminist sisters from Quebec whose TikTok video went viral were pleasantly shocked to find out their research potentially saved a life: it led to a 16-year-old girl's silent hand signal and her rescue from a would-be abductor. Some family doctors in Montreal are going private, with burnout and Quebec meddling to blame The Quebec government’s latest attempt at telling Montreal’s family doctors they should be seeing more patients has landed with a thud, according to two general practitioners who said they are demoralized and tired of being micromanaged by the province. COVID-19 in Quebec Canada authorizes first COVID-19 vaccine for kids Health Canada has authorized the first COVID-19 vaccine for children ages five to 11, giving the regulatory green light to Pfizer-BioNTech's two-dose vaccine, meaning kids across the country will soon be able to receive additional protection against the novel coronavirus. The first shipment of these pediatric doses will arrive on Sunday, with a total of 2.9 million doses landing by the end of next week. Hundreds of pregnant women in Quebec are contracting COVID-19 as vaccination rates remain low Hundreds of pregnant women in Quebec have contracted COVID-19 and doctors say they're worried because vaccination rates among that population appear to be low. Quebecers 70 and older can get COVID-19 booster shot if they want, health minister says Quebec government officials say a booster shot of the COVID-19 vaccine will be available to people aged 70 and older if they wish to receive one. In-Depth Interviews Astronomers make lunar discovery Cyber fraud on the rise in Canada Breaking down a busy week in politics The influence of Joe Rogan WATCH LIVE CTV News at Noon Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. STAY CONNECTED MONTREAL POLITICS Reconciliation top of mind as Montreal welcomes most diverse city council to date Dominique Ollivier is about to become the second most powerful elected official in Montreal. Ensemble Montreal requests recounts in two boroughs following municipal election Ensemble Montreal is requesting for judicial recounts in two boroughs following the Montreal municipal election. Candidates request recounts in three tight races after Montreal's municipal election Recounts are being requested in three tight races in the Montreal municipal election, including in Outremont where Laurent Desbois won by just 23 votes. 'We just made history': CDN-NDG elects Gracia Kasoki Katahwa as borough mayor in suspenseful race This is the first foray into politics for Gracia Kasoki Katahwa, a former nurse and nurse manager at the West Island CIUSSS. Valerie Plante outlines priorities one day after reelection as Montreal mayor A smiling Valerie Plante addressed the public Monday morning, less than a day after being reelected mayor of Montreal. Highlights from Across Canada 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. CFL all-time passing leader Anthony Calvillo becomes a Canadian citizen The man who's passed for more yards than anyone in CFL history - Anthony Calvillo - is now a Canadian. Canadian soldier sentenced to jail in first-of-its-kind cannabis cupcake case A Canadian soldier will spend up to 30 days in jail for drugging her comrades with cannabis-laced cupcakes during a live-fire training exercise in 2018. Overdue library book returned to Vancouver branch nearly 70 years later The phrase "better late than never" applies to library books too, it turns out. A book recently returned to a branch of the Vancouver Public Library was decades overdue. Sask. bison help archaeologist uncover 'rare' 1,000 year old petroglyph Rock carvings from more than a thousand years ago have been discovered at Wanuskewin Heritage Park. Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. CTVNews.ca Top Stories More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Two of 17 members of a missionary group who were kidnapped more than a month ago have been freed in Haiti and are safe, "in good spirits and being cared for," their Ohio-based church organization announced Sunday. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. LISTEN LIVE CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' All hands are on deck in Abbotsford, B.C. as workers try to close a roughly 100-metre gap in the Sumas River dike. Todd Battis reports. Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Canada gears up for largest mass vaccinations program for children in history. CTV’s Avis Favaro reports. Canada seeks solutions over U.S. trade issues, supply chain The Three Amigos has begun at the White House for the first time in five years. CTV’s Joyce Napier reports. Feds, B.C. announce joint supply chain recover working group There is yet to be any estimates of how much damage to B.C.’s infrastructure will cost. CTV’s Allison Hurst reports. Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai appears at Beijing tournament Missing tennis star Peng Shuai reappeared in public on Nov.20 at a youth tournament in Beijing, according to videos shared on social media. Toronto Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Northern Ontario Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management London More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen Kitchener 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Vancouver Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Ottawa Phase 2 LRT construction creating accessibility issues for Carlingwood residents Sixteen Ottawa elementary schools have COVID-19 outbreaks OPH reports 55 new COVID-19 cases, 1 new hospitalization, 0 new deaths Windsor More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade 'I’m just thankful I’m alive': Harrow woman ready to return home after ATV crash $100K attic fire in Windsor, Ont. Regina Preparations underway for 50th Canadian Western Agribition CTV News Regina: Here's what's making headlines this Sunday John Paddock returns to the Pats bench, leads team to 4-2 victory Saskatoon 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama World More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
