https://montreal.ctvnews.ca/montreal-politics
Montreal politics | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live Search CTV Montreal Close MONTREAL Search CTV Montreal Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Montreal politics | CTV News Montreal MONTREAL MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS Reconciliation top of mind as Montreal welcomes most diverse city council to date Dominique Ollivier is about to become the second most powerful elected official in Montreal. MORE MONTREAL STORIES Ensemble Montreal requests recounts in two boroughs following municipal election Ensemble Montreal is requesting for judicial recounts in two boroughs following the Montreal municipal election. Candidates request recounts in three tight races after Montreal's municipal election Recounts are being requested in three tight races in the Montreal municipal election, including in Outremont where Laurent Desbois won by just 23 votes. 'We just made history': CDN-NDG elects Gracia Kasoki Katahwa as borough mayor in suspenseful race This is the first foray into politics for Gracia Kasoki Katahwa, a former nurse and nurse manager at the West Island CIUSSS. Valerie Plante outlines priorities one day after reelection as Montreal mayor A smiling Valerie Plante addressed the public Monday morning, less than a day after being reelected mayor of Montreal. Lower voter turnout in Montreal's 2021 municipal election, but fewer eligible voters too Voter turnout dipped in Montreal's municipal election with, 36.27 per cent of voters heading to the ballot box. Thinnest of margins in some borough mayor races; CDN-NDG won by 83 votes, Outremont by 23 There was a major upset in the borough mayor race in Cote-des-Neiges-Notre-Dame-de-Grace after Projet Montreal's Gracia Kasoki Katahwa won by a narrow margin of 83 votes. Valerie Plante wins second term as Montreal mayor, cementing 'new era' Incumbent Valerie Plante has won a second term as mayor, beating former mayor Denis Coderre by about 14 percentage points and almost 60,000 votes. Montreal election today: Valerie Plante and Denis Coderre in a rematch for mayor Montrealers are heading to the polls today to pick a new mayor following a campaign that saw the last election's incumbent and challenger swap roles. MONTREAL ELECTION 2021 MONTREAL ELECTION 2021 | Here's how to vote in Montreal's municipal election Quebec's municipal elections are in full swing across the province. Montreal voter rolls have dropped by over 30,000 names since 2017 Montreal voter rolls show that there's a significant drop in names since 2017. Still, if advance voting was a good indicator, turnout in this election will outpace the last. Battle for Montreal city hall takes nasty turn ahead of Sunday's vote As the race to see who will be Montreal's next mayor moves into its final days, the campaign has taken an increasingly personal tone, with the two main candidates accusing each other of lacking integrity. Allegations of campaign rule violations raised against incumbent Vaudreuil-sur-le-Lac mayor Councillors and residents in Vaudreuil-sur-le-Lac say they're concerned about tactics being used by incumbent mayor Philip Lapalme in his bid for reelection. FEATURED VIDEOS Protestors disrupt MTL’s Au Pied de Cochon resto Wage offer draws scorn from MTL cooks Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship Four-eared cat becomes social media icon New drama features war in alternate world Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering Rittenhouse acquitted of all charges in Kenosha shooting QUEBEC POLITICS Former federal MP Pierre Nantel is the Parti Quebecois candidate in hotly sought after riding Quebec Solidaire members meet to adopt platform for next year's election Parti Quebecois proposes $1.17 billion for public daycares, if elected PQ leader Plamondon won't run in vacant Longueuil riding in upcoming by-election Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. CTVNewsMontreal.ca Top Stories Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Montrealers from different faiths and backgrounds gather to denounce hate crimes Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Cannabis Seth Rogen's cannabis company Houseplant and Canopy Growth announce partnership end Pfizer claims 3rd dose 'strongly' boosts protection against Delta variant Case involving former CannTrust leaders remanded until Sept. 20 Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai has taken part in a 30-minute video call from Beijing with IOC officials and told them she was safe and well, the Olympic body said on Sunday. Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Mackenzie Hughes of Dundas, Ont., closed with an 8-under 62 Sunday at the RSM Classic to finish in second place, three strokes behind winner Talor Gooch of the U.S. Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Tiger Woods posted a short video showing him hitting golf balls on a driving range on Sunday, nine months after the 15-time major champion suffered serious leg injuries that required surgery following a car crash in Southern California. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tesla Inc chief Elon Musk said on Friday that the company's mobile application was coming back online after an app server outage earlier prevented many owners from connecting to their cars. Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
