https://www.hup.harvard.edu/catalog.php?isbn=9780674060326
Mothers and Others — Sarah Blaffer Hrdy | Harvard University Press Refine Your Search/Search Our Site About & Contact Subjects & Series Catalogs eBooks News Order Rights Permissions Support the Press Cart: [0] Resources for: Authors Booksellers & Librarians Educators Journalists Readers Mothers and Others The Evolutionary Origins of Mutual Understanding Sarah Blaffer Hrdy Add to Cart Product Details PAPERBACK $24.00 • £19.95 • €21.50 ISBN 9780674060326 Publication Date: 04/15/2011 Short 432 pages 6-1/8 x 9-1/4 inches 52 halftones Belknap Press World Related Subjects SOCIAL SCIENCE: Anthropology: Cultural & Social PSYCHOLOGY: Developmental: Child Educators: Request an online exam copy »What’s this? About This Book About the Author(s) Reviews Table of Contents Somewhere in Africa, more than a million years ago, a line of apes began to rear their young differently than their Great Ape ancestors. From this new form of care came new ways of engaging and understanding each other. How such singular human capacities evolved, and how they have kept us alive for thousands of generations, is the mystery revealed in this bold and wide-ranging new vision of human emotional evolution. Mothers and Others finds the key in the primatologically unique length of human childhood. If the young were to survive in a world of scarce food, they needed to be cared for, not only by their mothers but also by siblings, aunts, fathers, friends—and, with any luck, grandmothers. Out of this complicated and contingent form of childrearing, Sarah Blaffer Hrdy argues, came the human capacity for understanding others. Mothers and others teach us who will care, and who will not. From its opening vision of “apes on a plane”; to descriptions of baby care among marmosets, chimpanzees, wolves, and lions; to explanations about why men in hunter-gatherer societies hunt together, Mothers and Others is compellingly readable. But it is also an intricately knit argument that ever since the Pleistocene, it has taken a village to raise children—and how that gave our ancient ancestors the first push on the path toward becoming emotionally modern human beings. Related Links At Scientific American, read an in-depth, two-part interview with Sarah Blaffer Hrdy on the evolution of her own research, from reproductive strategies in apes to human cooperative parenting Read more about the competing “modern” theories of child development, and how Hrdy’s own experiences influenced her research in that area, in Times Higher Education More on Evolution from Harvard University Press Buy Elsewhere Bookshop.org » Amazon » Barnes & Noble » Find at a Library »Cite This Book » About HUP eBooks About Exam Copies Awards & Accolades Sarah Blaffer Hrdy Is Winner of a 2014 National Academy of Sciences Award for Scientific Reviewing 2012 J.I. Staley Prize, School for Advanced Research 2012 W.W. Howells Book Prize, Biological Anthropology Section of the American Anthropological Association A Globe and Mail Best Book of 2009 An Irish Times Best Book of 2009 Recent News On C-SPAN’s Q&A, The Original Meaning of the Fourteenth Amendment coauthors Randy Barnett and Evan Bernick argued that the United States must get its “Constitutional house in order”—and stop chronically misinterpreting the amendment. At the Washington Post, Global Health Security author Lawrence Gostin analyzed the legality of President Biden’s federal mandate requiring COVID-19 vaccination or testing in private businesses. The Irish Times spoke with Thane Gustafson, author of Klimat, about the “climate change reckoning” facing Russia—as Vladimir Putin avoids attending the COP26 international climate change conference in Glasgow. At the Washington Post, read To Live and Defy in LA author Felicia Viator on how judicial edicts on language in the trial of Kyle Rittenhouse—barring use of the term “victims” for the men killed but allowing “looters,” “rioters,”, and “arsonists”—parallel decisions in a 1942 case in Los Angeles that became a flashpoint for the original “Zoot Suit Riots.” Black lives matter. Black voices matter. A statement from HUP » From Our Blog John Rawls: Speaking in a Shared Political Language On the occasion of the anniversary of the publication of A Theory of Justice, Andrius Gališanka, author of John Rawls: The Path to a Theory of Justice, reflects on some of Rawls’s ideas on moral and political reasoning… Subscribe to E-News Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library I Tatti Renaissance Library Loeb Classical Library Murty Classical Library of India About & Contact | Awards | Catalogs | Conference Exhibits | eBooks | Exam Copies | News | Order | Rights | Permissions | Search | Shopping Cart | Subjects & Series Resources for: Authors | Booksellers & Librarians | Educators | Journalists | Readers Harvard University Press offices are located at 79 Garden Street, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA & 71 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4BE UK © 2021 President and Fellows of Harvard College | HUP Privacy Policy • HU Additional EEA Privacy Disclosures A Message from HUP about COVID-19 (April 2020)
