https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-59369715
New homes in England to have electric car chargers by law - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture MenuMore Search Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories More Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads Business Market Data New Economy New Tech Economy Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Economy CEO Secrets Global Car Industry Business of Sport New homes in England to have electric car chargers by law By Michael Race Business reporter, BBC News Published 1 hour ago Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing Related Topics Climate change Image source, Getty Images New homes and buildings in England will be required by law to install electric vehicle charging points from next year, the prime minister is set to announce. The government said the move will see up to 145,000 charging points installed across the country each year. New-build supermarkets, workplaces and buildings undergoing major renovations will also come under the new law. The move comes as the UK aims to switch to electric cars, with new petrol and diesel cars sales banned from 2030. Announcing the new laws at the Confederation of British Industry's conference on Monday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson will say: "This is a pivotal moment - we cannot go on as we are. "We have to adapt our economy to the green industrial revolution." But Labour said the announcement does not address the "appalling" geographical divide in available charging points. "London and the South East have more public car charging points than the rest of England and Wales combined. Yet there is nothing here to help address this. "Nor is there help so lower and middle income families can afford electric vehicles or the investment required to build the gigafactories we need," Labour said. The government said the new laws will "make it as easy as refuelling a petrol or diesel car today". It said "simpler ways to pay" to charge vehicles through contactless payments would also be introduced at "all new fast and rapid charge points". Image source, Getty Images Britain currently has about 25,000 charging points, but the Competition and Markets Authority has said it could need 10 times as many before 2030. The switch to electric vehicles is part of the UK's strategy to hit climate targets, with cars and taxis accounting for 16% of UK emissions in 2019. Several major car manufacturers, such as Jaguar and Volvo plan to go all electric from 2025 and 2030 and Ford has said all vehicles sold in Europe will be electric by 2030. However, four of the world's biggest carmakers, Volkswagen, Toyota, Renault-Nissan and Hyundai-Kia failed to sign a COP 26 summit pledge to only sell zero emissions cars and vans by 2035. UK electric car sales are growing, with about 10% of cars sold in 2020 being electric, up from 2.5% in 2018. However, concerns have been raised about the lack of charging infrastructure. The Policy Exchange think tank has warned the rollout of charging points has fallen behind and said there is a risk of "charging blackspots" in small towns and rural areas unless it speeds up. MPs on the Transport Select Committee have also said people must be protected from excessive pricing for public electric car charging, with home charging being much cheaper. Mike Childs, Friends of the Earth's head of policy, welcomed the government's announcement, adding that electric vehicles had a "significant role to play in building a zero-carbon future". "New housing should also include secure cycle storage and access to high quality public transport, to provide real alternatives to driving and help cut congestion," Mr Childs added. Along with its announcement on charging points, the government also confirmed almost £10m will fund a new hydrogen project at the UK's largest onshore windfarm near Glasgow. The cash injection will help the Whitelee green hydrogen project develop the UK's largest electrolyser, a system which converts water into hydrogen gas as a way to store energy and supply local transport providers with zero-carbon fuel. Related Topics Transport Electric cars Climate change Renewable energy Motoring More on this story Major carmakers fail to back zero emissions pledge Published 10 November Electric car charging prices 'must be fair' Published 28 July Seven ways to curb climate change Published 12 November Is the UK on track to meet its climate targets? Published 10 November Top Stories Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade Published 7 minutes ago Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe Published 1 hour ago Water cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium. VideoWater cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium Published 8 hours ago Features UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence Looted art claims pose questions for revamped museum TB Joshua's widow and the battle for his church What went wrong at Man Utd under Solskjaer? The 99-year-old cyclist who has won a world silver medal Why did this mum take her children to the IS capital? The art of a great urban wildlife photo. VideoThe art of a great urban wildlife photo 'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer. Video'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer How one Austrian woman saved 7,700 children from Nazi camps Elsewhere on the BBC 'I feel very cross about it' Joe Lycett uncovers the darker side of his family history Would you buy a house with no doors?! Life in the world's oldest town... Most Read 1Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade 2Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe 3Taliban bans women from TV dramas in Afghanistan 4Khashoggi fiancee urges Bieber to cancel Saudi show 5China tennis star claims to be safe in video call 6Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle off album pages 7El Salvador plans Bitcoin city at base of volcano 8Indian billionaires bet big on homegrown couture 9UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence 10More protests erupt in Europe over Covid curbs BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
