https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/new-report-says-climate-change-is-affecting-health-in-new-brunswick-1.4482659
New report says climate change is affecting health in New Brunswick | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement HEALTH New report says climate change is affecting health in New Brunswick Kevin Bissett The Canadian Press Published Tuesday, June 25, 2019 8:16PM EDT Keith McKay and Dee Branston use a canoe to carry food to a house on Jarvis Street in Fredericton, New Brunswick on Friday April 26, 2019. (THE CANADIAN PRESS/Stephen MacGillivray) Share: Reddit Share Text: FREDERICTON -- A new report says climate change is affecting the health of New Brunswickers and calls on government, communities and the public to take action. The report was prepared for the Conservation Council of New Brunswick by Louise Comeau, a research associate at the University of New Brunswick. Comeau said climate events such as flooding and ice storms are having an effect on the mental and physical health of people in the province. The recent spring flooding that followed a higher winter snow pack in the province's north and a sharp increase in temperatures could be a harbinger of what's to comes, she said in an interview. You look at the projection for the next 30 years or so, and you see that's exactly the kind of pattern they're projecting to see more often and more intensely," Comeau said. She said the record floods add to stress, property damage, mould issues, sewer back-ups and E. coli concerns. "What we're seeing is the financial implications, the days off work, the loss of cherished belongings, and homes being relocated," she said. "And there's the anxiety and post-traumatic stress that people feel about being anxious about a future events like rain or an intense storm." Comeau said the number of 30-plus degree temperature days are expected to increase, especially in central New Brunswick, and will particularly impact vulnerable low-income families and seniors. "Now you have an aging population dealing with significantly hotter days. That scenario, for example, last year in Quebec saw 90 people die," she said. "Heat stress is a really important issue to be dealing with from a climate impact point of view because it affects people with chronic health conditions, and seniors and so on." She said climate change considerations need to be integrated into provincial aging strategies. She said warmer temperatures are resulting in more pollen and ragweed, affecting people with allergies and asthma. There has also been an increase in the number of ticks, adding to the concern of Lyme disease. Kim Perrotta, executive director of the Canadian Association of Physicians for the Environment, said the New Brunswick report is indicative of issues affecting the entire country. She said people in western Canada were exposed to high levels of air pollution last year as the result of wildfires. "We know that those high levels of air pollution are associated with high levels of premature death, increases in heart disease and lung disease and exacerbate lung conditions like asthma," she said. She said aside from the direct health impacts of flooding in New Brunswick, it can result in post-traumatic stress disorder. Jeff Carr, New Brunswick's environment minister, said he witnessed the impact of flooding on the health of people in the province. "I did see first-hand during the flooding, not just this spring but the spring before, the anxiety and stress levels that I was seeing in those people in my riding," he said. Carr said the question is how to best help the people being affected. The minister said he plans to study the report and meet with Comeau in the near future. Perrotta said governments and the public need to do more to prepare for climate change and mitigate the health impacts. Comeau said people in lower income households typically have less energy efficient houses and are more at risk during winter power outages. She said those homes should possibly be targeted for energy efficiency programs. She said government policies are needed for initiatives to get more electric cars on the road and develop cleaner sources of electricity, which will in turn improve air quality for the health of New Brunswickers. Related Stories Climate of guilt: Flying no longer the high road for some Scheer pitches climate plan as 'best chance' to meet Paris targets Activists go on birth strike over climate change Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Health Stories 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Juice mixes recalled due to possible presence of glass Vaccine superheroes: Experts impressed with communications that target children Scientists mystified, wary, as Africa avoids COVID-19 disaster 'I won't be here next year': Canadians robbed of life by delayed diagnoses amid pandemic National opioid crisis plan to be informed by proposals in B.C.: federal minister CDC: Vials contain no trace of virus that causes smallpox Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement NEWSLETTER Sign up for The COVID-19 Brief newsletter Health Videos false Study finds cannabis use during pregnancy may affect kids false Canadian study reveals gender biases against female surgeons false Que. woman donates kidney to young girl she's never met false HPV vaccine cuts cancer rate by nearly 90 per cent: study false Alberta stops covering two brands of insulin false Scientists studying the effects of psychedelic medicine MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
