https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/northern-ont-town-booming-after-offering-plots-of-land-for-500-1.5650966
Northern Ont. town booming after offering land for $500 | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement CANADA Northern Ont. town booming after offering plots of land for $500 Tom Yun CTVNews.ca writer @thetomyun Contact Published Wednesday, November 3, 2021 5:20PM EDT Share: Reddit Share Text: TORONTO -- A Northern Ontario town has seen a surge of new residents after it began offering plots of land for $500. Smooth Rock Falls, located nearly 800 kilometres north of Toronto and 100 kilometres north of Timmins, Ont., started offering land at rock-bottom prices in 2017, hoping to breathe new life into the town's economy, while offering much-needed affordable housing. A large pulp mill had been at the centre of Smooth Rock Falls' economy, employing 200 people, but when the mill closed in 2006, the town's population began to steadily decline. The 2016 census recorded a population of 1,330, compared to 1,830 in 2001. "Because the mill had closed, we lost so many people. People were moving out of town, putting their houses up for sale for practically nothing," said Smooth Rock Falls Mayor Sue Perras in an interview with CTV's Your Morning this week. At the time, some residents were selling their homes for $20,000 or less while others even abandoned their homes altogether, Perras said. "We needed to come up with a plan to stop the people from moving out and have people move in," she said. After the town announced it was offering land for $500, it received over a thousand inquiries. The bold move attracted newcomers from as far away as British Columbia. As a result of the initiative, there are 60 new families living in the town. "It was a great plan. It definitely was," the mayor said. "It brought people to our community to have a look at the different lots and everything and some people just ended up buying houses that already existed." Back in 2017, the average home in Smooth Rock Falls cost $56,000. Today, the average price of a home is $137,000, up 144 per cent. But even with the boom, Smooth Rock Falls continues to be the third most-affordable small community in Ontario, according to Zolo, an online real estate marketplace. Smooth Rock Falls' next step is to bring more employers into the town. On the site of the now-closed pulp mill, the town recently opened a $3.2 million industrial park. Perras offered this advice for other small towns struggling with a declining population. "The biggest thing is to think outside the box. It's hard to come up with new ideas. And because we're all in the same situation in the north, we're all losing the one industry that we had for 100 years," she said, "So, we need to offer something that is outside the box." With files from The Canadian Press. RELATED IMAGES view larger image Smooth Rock Falls, located nearly 800 kilometres north of Toronto and 100 kilometres north of Timmins, Ont., started offering land at rock-bottom prices in 2017, hoping to breathe new life into the town's economy, while offering much-needed affordable housing. Related Stories These are the most affordable cities in Ontario to buy a house Town of Smooth Rock Falls opens industrial park to attract new businesses Canadians leaving big cities in record numbers: Statistics Canada Canada's soaring home prices now a 'small town issue': RBC economist Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News MORE NEWS FROM CANADA Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
