https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-59368707
Northern Ireland to Scotland bridge plans scrapped - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture MenuMore Search Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories More Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads Business Market Data New Economy New Tech Economy Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Economy CEO Secrets Global Car Industry Business of Sport Northern Ireland to Scotland bridge plans scrapped Published 8 hours ago Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing Image source, Getty Images Image caption, Some experts estimated a bridge could cost £20bn Plans to build a bridge or tunnel between Scotland and Northern Ireland have been ruled out due to forecasted costs and engineering challenges. A study examining if such a project was possible is expected to advise against proceeding with any proposals when it is released next week. The BBC understands the government will agree with the report's recommendation. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been a vocal supporter of a fixed link between Britain and Northern Ireland. The Telegraph first reported that transport expert Sir Peter Hendy, who was asked by the government to examine connections between the different parts of the UK, had concluded the project was not currently viable. A government source said Sir Peter had examined the costs of a fixed link to Northern Ireland and found "it would be technically very challenging at the moment". "That's not to say it won't become viable at some point in the future, but at the moment it would be very, very difficult and expensive," the source told the paper. The Department for Transport told the BBC: "We don't comment on speculation. The Union Connectivity Review will be published shortly." Plans for some kind of link between Northern Ireland and Scotland stretch back as far as the 1890s. The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) revived the idea in its 2015 general election manifesto and Mr Johnson has previously described a bridge as a "very interesting idea". Some experts suggested such a project would cost £15bn, while others have said that £20bn would be a conservative estimate. Image source, Mike Faherty Image caption, Larne had been suggested as one end of the huge construction project Two potential routes for a link were suggested - from Portpatrick to Larne, or near Campbeltown to the Antrim coast. In September, Northern Ireland's Infrastructure Minister Nichola Mallon said the "distraction of a £20bn fixed bridge, or three tunnels and a roundabout under the sea" had "finally been put to bed". "We all know around this table what we could do for infrastructure and for our communities with £20bn," she said. The 'Boris bridge' idea attracted a considerable amount of scorn but also had its supporters. The DUP were keen on the idea and could point to similar projects like the Hong Kong - Ju-Hi crossing, a 34 mile long combination of bridge and tunnel across the Pearl River Delta. But Stormont's Infrastructure Minister Nichola Mallon was exasperated by the idea, calling it a distraction. Now that a fixed link has been ruled out, attention will turn to the substance of the union connectivity review. On both sides of the Irish Sea there are more mundane projects which could deliver economic benefits if they are funded. Related Topics Boris Johnson Transport More on this story NI to Scotland bridge plans 'put to bed' Published 15 September Could we build a Scotland-Northern Ireland bridge? Published 10 March NI-to-Scotland bridge link set for official study Published 10 March Top Stories Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade Published 7 minutes ago Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe Published 1 hour ago Water cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium. VideoWater cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium Published 8 hours ago Features UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence Looted art claims pose questions for revamped museum TB Joshua's widow and the battle for his church What went wrong at Man Utd under Solskjaer? The 99-year-old cyclist who has won a world silver medal Why did this mum take her children to the IS capital? The art of a great urban wildlife photo. VideoThe art of a great urban wildlife photo 'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer. Video'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer How one Austrian woman saved 7,700 children from Nazi camps Elsewhere on the BBC 'I feel very cross about it' Joe Lycett uncovers the darker side of his family history Would you buy a house with no doors?! Life in the world's oldest town... Most Read 1Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade 2Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe 3Taliban bans women from TV dramas in Afghanistan 4Khashoggi fiancee urges Bieber to cancel Saudi show 5China tennis star claims to be safe in video call 6Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle off album pages 7El Salvador plans Bitcoin city at base of volcano 8Indian billionaires bet big on homegrown couture 9UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence 10More protests erupt in Europe over Covid curbs BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
