https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/covid-ont-moh-1.6165144
Ontario Liberals call for veto of Norfolk-Haldimand's acting medical officer appointee | CBC News Skip to Main Content Menu Search Search Sign In Quick Links News Sports Radio Music Listen Live TV Watch news Top Stories Local COVID-19 Opinion World Canada Politics Indigenous The National Business Health Entertainment Science CBC News Investigates Go Public Shows About CBC News More Ontario Liberals call for veto of Norfolk-Haldimand's acting medical officer appointee | CBC News Loaded Toronto Ontario Liberals call for veto of Norfolk-Haldimand's acting medical officer appointee The Ontario Liberals are calling for the health minister to veto the appointment of the new acting medical officer of health in Haldimand-Norfolk because he is against COVID-19 lockdowns. Social Sharing Liberal MPP John Fraser says Dr. Matt Strauss opposed to 'life-saving public health measures' The Canadian Press · Posted: Sep 04, 2021 1:13 PM ET | Last Updated: September 16 Dr. Matt Strauss, an assistant professor of medicine at Queen's University, has tweeted repeatedly about his opposition to lockdowns, arguing they're not effective at preventing COVID-19-related deaths. (Twitter) The Ontario Liberals are calling for the health minister to veto the appointment of the new acting medical officer of health in Haldimand-Norfolk because he is against COVID-19 lockdowns. But a spokeswoman for Health Minister Christine Elliott says Dr. Matt Strauss's appointment did not need ministerial approval because he is merely acting medical health officer, and the Haldimand-Norfolk Board of Health has not sought to bring him on permanently. Nonetheless, Liberal health critic John Fraser says Strauss cannot be allowed to continue in the role, describing the doctor as opposing "life-saving public health measures." The Haldimand-Norfolk Health Unit announced Strauss's appointment to the role in a statement Friday, saying the board of health voted for him unanimously. Strauss, who is an assistant professor of medicine at Queen's University, has tweeted repeatedly about his opposition to lockdowns, arguing they're not effective at preventing COVID-19-related deaths. In one post, he called a business owner a "hero" for keeping his gym open under Reopening Ontario Act guidelines that make exceptions for people with disabilities who need physical therapy. Strauss and the Haldimand-Norfolk Health Unit did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Live free or die. &mdash;@strauss_matt Corrections This is a corrected story. An earlier version incorrectly said Strauss described business owners who open in violation of public health orders as "heroes.'' Sep 16, 2021 8:09 AM ET CBC's Journalistic Standards and Practices|About CBC NewsReport Typo or Error Footer Links My Account Profile CBC Gem Newsletters About CBC Membership Connect with CBC Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile RSS Podcasts Contact CBC Submit Feedback Help Centre Audience Relations, CBC P.O. Box 500 Station A Toronto, ON Canada, M5W 1E6 Toll-free (Canada only): 1-866-306-4636 TTY/Teletype writer: 1-866-220-6045 About CBC Corporate Info Sitemap Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Jobs Our Unions Independent Producers Political Ads Registry AdChoices Services Ombudsman Corrections and Clarifications Public Appearances Commercial Services CBC Shop Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities Radio Canada International Accessibility It is a priority for CBC to create a website that is accessible to all Canadians including people with visual, hearing, motor and cognitive challenges. Closed Captioning and Described Video is available for many CBC shows offered on CBC Gem. About CBC Accessibility Accessibility Feedback ©2021 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved. Visitez Radio-Canada.ca now
