https://montreal.ctvnews.ca/opinion
Opinion | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live Search CTV Montreal Close MONTREAL Search CTV Montreal Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Opinion | CTV News Montreal OPINION Opinion: Why was there not a fair share of climate responsibility in COP26 negotiations? Even if some world leaders claimed that the outcome of COP26 was a success, for many others, it was not only lacklustre, but disappointing, especially for those participating in the People’s Summit. MORE OPINION PIECES Opinion: Climate ambition at its highest as Montreal organizations mobilize to fast-forward the city’s climate transition Montreal has what it takes to be recognized around the world for its climate ambition. Our organizations and their leaders have the power to fast-forward the transition. Opinion: Digital tech could help save us from climate catastrophe - or make it worse Climate change and the digital revolution are perhaps the two greatest forces shaping our world today. Digital technology can be a force for good in the climate -- but without careful attention, it can also make the problem much worse. Opinion: Women who are homeless are doubly excluded In Montreal, only 10 per cent of emergency shelter spaces are reserved for women. As the election campaign enters the home stretch, the parties’ proposals for reducing homelessness among women deserve attention. Opinion: Representation matters so media does not create 'moral panics' The media play a key role in framing current events, shaping our understandings and responses, and it is imperative that they do not reproduce harmful stereotypes and narratives that deepen oppression. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Questions to ask yourself, and then act on, to improve your financial position November is financial literacy month and CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid offers tip on figuring out just how financially fit you are, in her column on CTVNews.ca. Opinion: English-speaking Quebecers are full-fledged, contributing members of Quebec society English-speaking Quebecers are proud Quebecers who reject the Coalition Avenir Québec’s decision to label our community as 'historic anglophones' and its plan to limit government services in our own language to citizens who are eligible to attend English schools. Opinion: Dear Rays, Montreal won't pay for your new stadium If the Rays want to come and play in Montreal, we’ll be sure to give them a warm Canadian welcome. But they need to know that taxpayers’ wallets are off limits, writes Renaud Brossard. Pattie Lovett-Reid: Lessons learned from Squid Game There are money lessons to be learned for Canadians from the hit Netflix survival drama 'Squid Game', CTV's chief financial commentator Pattie Lovett-Reid writes in her latest column on CTVNews.ca. 1-on-1 INTERVIEWS Astronomers make lunar discovery Cyber fraud on the rise in Canada Breaking down a busy week in politics The influence of Joe Rogan Quebec sends help after B.C. floods, mudslides CTVNewsMontreal.ca Top Stories Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Montrealers from different faiths and backgrounds gather to denounce hate crimes Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Cannabis Seth Rogen's cannabis company Houseplant and Canopy Growth announce partnership end Pfizer claims 3rd dose 'strongly' boosts protection against Delta variant Case involving former CannTrust leaders remanded until Sept. 20 Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai has taken part in a 30-minute video call from Beijing with IOC officials and told them she was safe and well, the Olympic body said on Sunday. Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Mackenzie Hughes of Dundas, Ont., closed with an 8-under 62 Sunday at the RSM Classic to finish in second place, three strokes behind winner Talor Gooch of the U.S. Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Tiger Woods posted a short video showing him hitting golf balls on a driving range on Sunday, nine months after the 15-time major champion suffered serious leg injuries that required surgery following a car crash in Southern California. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tesla Inc chief Elon Musk said on Friday that the company's mobile application was coming back online after an app server outage earlier prevented many owners from connecting to their cars. Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
