https://atlantic.ctvnews.ca/p-e-i-reports-two-new-cases-of-covid-19-potential-exposure-at-high-school-1.5675419
P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Atlantic Close ATLANTIC Search CTV Atlantic Close News Latest News Weather Poll Video Latest Video CTV News Live CTV Morning Live CTV News at Five Video Help Shows CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About | Contact Us Contests Advertise with Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Atlantic P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school HALIFAX - Health officials on Prince Edward Island are reporting two new cases of COVID-19 on Sunday, one involving a student at Three Oaks Senior High School in Summerside. Of the two new cases reported Sunday, one of the individuals is in their 80s, while the other is between the ages of 12 and 19 years old. Dr. Heather Morrison, P.E.I.'s chief public health officer, says both cases are contacts of previously announced cases and are linked to the recent cluster of COVID-19 in Prince County. Three Oaks Senior High School will remain closed on Monday, Nov. 22 to allow for contact tracing, testing and enhanced cleaning of the school. Close contacts, including students, teachers, staff and persons on the buses which the individual travelled (buses #584, 762, 568) are being contacted and advised to isolate and be tested for COVID-19 at one of the Health PEI clinics. Contact tracing is underway and all individuals who need to be tested will be contacted. The one-day closure of Three Oaks Senior High School is being done out of an abundance of caution. Public health says the case is considered isolated with a low risk of exposure. This is not considered to be an outbreak at the school. Prince Edward Island currently has 18 active cases of COVID-19 and has had 345 positive cases since the pandemic began. All islanders are urged to get tested if they experience any symptoms of COVID-19, even after a previous negative test, and to self-isolate until the results come back. Islanders are also encouraged to download the free national COVID Alert app, which will let them know if they have been exposed to someone who has tested positive for the virus. Atlantic Top Stories Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Salvation Army's Kettle Campaign kicks off using 'tap to give' feature for second year in a row N.B.'s COVID-19 active case count drops Saturday as province works to contain several outbreaks Three-year-old Dylan Ehler disappeared in seconds. His family wants changes to the missing child alert system Proposed Nova Scotia spaceport announces payload client for initial launch Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
