https://www.ctvnews.ca/world/poland-says-belarus-border-crisis-may-be-prelude-to-something-worse-1.5675117
Poland says Belarus crisis may lead to 'something worse' | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement WORLD Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Anna Wlodarczak-Semczuk and Andrius Sytas Reuters Staff Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 9:03AM EST Last Updated Sunday, November 21, 2021 1:27PM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: WARSAW/VILNIUS -- Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki warned on Sunday that the migrant crisis on the Belarus border may be a prelude to "something much worse," and Poland's border guard said Belarusian forces were still ferrying migrants to the frontier. The European Union accuses Belarus of flying in thousands of people from the Middle East and pushing them to cross into EU and NATO members Poland, Lithuania and Latvia, in response to European sanctions. Minsk, which denies fomenting the crisis, cleared a migrant camp near the border on Thursday and started to repatriate some people to Iraq, while Poland and Lithuania reported lower numbers of attempts to cross their borders in recent days. But Morawiecki warned the crisis was far from over as he toured Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia on Sunday to discuss the situation. A poll published by Poland's Rzeczpospolita daily on Sunday said 55% of Poles are worried the crisis on the border could escalate into an armed conflict. "I think that the things that unfold before our eyes, these dramatic events, may only be a prelude to something much worse," Morawiecki said in Vilnius. He pointed to increased Russian military presence close to Ukraine, as well as in Belarus and Russia's Kaliningrad enclave which borders Poland and Lithuania, as "an instrument which could be used directly for a direct attack." The situation in Afghanistan after the Taliban takeover "may be used as the next stage of the migration crisis," said Morawiecki. CALLS FOR SUPPORT Lithuanian Prime Minister Ingrida Simonyte warned European partners to not ignore Belarus' neighbors, after German Chancellor Angela Merkel twice called Lukashenko looking for solution of the humanitarian crisis. "For us, it is very important that any talks (with Belarus) are coordinated with Lithuania, Poland and Latvia, which are at the forefront of the hybrid attack, and no decisions are taken which do not solve the situation fundamentally," she said after meeting with Morawiecki on Sunday. France's foreign minister said on Sunday that Russia had to exert pressure on its ally, Belarus, to end the migrant crisis. FORCIBLY BROUGHT TO BORDER Poland says Minsk continues to truck hundreds of foreigners to the frontier, where about 10 migrants are believed to have died with a frigid winter setting in. "On Saturday ... a group of about 100 very aggressive foreigners, brought to the border by Belarusian servicemen, tried to enter Poland by force," the border guard said on Twitter on Sunday. A dozen migrants from Iraq, speaking with Lithuanian news portal DELFI over the border with Belarus on Saturday, said they were forcibly brought there in military trucks by Belarus officials, who ignored their wish to go back to Iraq. Hundreds of Poles took part in protests on Saturday to demand help for the migrants. The Catholic church organized a fundraiser on Sunday to collect money for those in need at the border and support the integration of refugees who will stay in Poland. RELATED IMAGES view larger image Migrants line up for food near a logistics center at the checkpoint "Kuznitsa" at the Belarus-Poland border near Grodno, Belarus, Sunday, Nov. 21, 2021. The EU says the new surge of migrants on its eastern borders has been orchestrated by the leader of Belarus, President Alexander Lukashenko, in retaliation for EU sanctions placed on Belarus after a government crackdown on peaceful democracy protesters. It calls the move "a hybrid attack'' on the bloc. Belarus denies the charge. (Maxim Guchek/BelTA via AP) Related Stories EU accuses Belarus of 'trafficking' migrants toward border See stark images of the situation at the Poland-Belarus border Belarus pro-democracy advocate praises Canada's anti-authoritarian stand A Muslim burial for a migrant whose life ended near the Poland-Belarus border Poland: Migrant camps along Belarus border have emptied Belarus empties migrant camps as G7 ministers 'condemn' their treatment Iraqi migrants caught in border tensions in Belarus fly home Migrants in limbo as Merkel seeks to de-escalate Poland-Belarus border crisis Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Stories from World Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement Most-Watched false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 The Climate Barometer Sign up for our weekly email newsletter delving into climate science and life on a changing planet. Canada's Most Trusted News. Download the CTV News app now. Most-Read Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
