https://saskatoon.ctvnews.ca/prince-albert-police-warning-public-of-fentanyl-in-the-area-following-3-suspected-overdoses-1.5668339
Prince Albert police warning public of fentanyl in the area following 3 suspected overdoses | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Saskatoon Close SASKATOON Search CTV Saskatoon Close News Latest News All Articles Prince Albert News Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video Crime Stoppers Indigenous Circle CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who we Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Saskatoon Prince Albert police warning public of fentanyl in the area following 3 suspected overdoses SASKATOON - Three suspected drug overdoses in Prince Albert last week is prompting police to issue a warning to the public about the risks and dangers of fentanyl. Sask. RCMP and the Prince Albert Police Service believe fentanyl is present in the city and surrounding area, police said in a news release. "Prince Albert RCMP is aware of at least two suspected fentanyl overdoses in our detachment area in the past week. In both of these cases, naloxone was administered by emergency medical services. Thankfully, neither was fatal," said RCMP Sgt. Lisa Molle in a news release. "It’s so important that everyone knows that there is fentanyl present in our community and what they should do if someone is overdosing." Fentanyl is extremely dangerous and can cause severe illness, or be fatal, even in very small amounts, police said. Symptoms of an overdose can include slow, weak or no breathing, blue lips or nails, dizziness and confusion, police said. Saskatchewan residents are able to obtain naloxone kits through Saskatchewan pharmacies if they know someone who is at risk of an overdose. Earlier this month, a report from the Saskatchewan Coroner’s Service confirmed 161 overdose deaths with another 202 deaths suspected to be linked to drug overdoses in the province as of Nov. 3. Of the overdose deaths, 213 overdose deaths were linked to different forms of fentanyl, according to the coroner’s service. The numbers put the province on pace to shatter record of drug overdose deaths in 2021, which was previously 314 in 2019. Saskatoon Top Stories 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama Sask. reports 62 new COVID-19 cases, 1 death Huskies win 84th Hardy Cup Sask. reports 185 new COVID-19 cases, 2 deaths 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Here's what we know about COVID-19 vaccines for kids in Sask. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
