https://www.ctvnews.ca/world/prince-charles-cancels-visit-to-aircraft-carrier-after-british-fighter-crash-1.5672815
Prince Charles cancels visit to aircraft carrier after British fighter crash | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement WORLD Prince Charles cancels visit to aircraft carrier after British fighter crash Reuters Staff Contact Published Friday, November 19, 2021 3:59AM EST Last Updated Friday, November 19, 2021 11:10AM EST Prince Charles arrives for a visit to Royal Warrant Holder, J Barbour And Sons Ltd, in South Shields, Tyne & Wear, England, Tuesday, Nov. 9, 2021. (AP Photo/Scott Heppell, pool) Share: Reddit Share Text: CAIRO -- Prince Charles has cancelled a planned visit to the HMS Queen Elizabeth aircraft carrier after an F35B jet from the ship crashed into the Mediterranean Sea. The F35 fighter from Britain's biggest aircraft carrier crashed into the Mediterranean Sea on Wednesday, though the pilot ejected and was safely returned to the ship. Sign up for our Royal Dispatch newsletter for all the latest royal news Charles, on a visit to Egypt, had been due to visit the ship which is off Alexandria. But the visit to the ship was cancelled for operational reasons, a spokesman said. The Lockheed Martin F35B is capable of conducting air-to-surface, electronic warfare, intelligence gathering and air-to-air missions simultaneously, according to the British air force. It can operate undetected in hostile airspace due to secret technology. (Reporting by Peter Nicholls, writing by Guy Faulconbridge; Editing by Alistair Smout) RELATED IMAGES view larger image The HMS Queen Elizabeth anchors near the Lower New York Bay, on Oct. 20, 2018. (Eduardo Munoz Alvarez / AP) Related Stories Prince Charles pays royal visit to Jordan Prince Charles in Cairo, first visit since 2006 Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Stories from World BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement Most-Watched false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 The Climate Barometer Sign up for our weekly email newsletter delving into climate science and life on a changing planet. Canada's Most Trusted News. Download the CTV News app now. Most-Read Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
