https://saskatoon.ctvnews.ca/prince-albert
Prince Albert News | Local Breaking | CTV News Prince Albert Skip to main content Live Search CTV Saskatoon Close PRINCE ALBERT Search CTV Saskatoon Close News Latest News All Articles Prince Albert News Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video Crime Stoppers Indigenous Circle CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who we Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Prince Albert News | Local Breaking | CTV News Prince Albert Prince Albert police warning public of fentanyl in the area following 3 suspected overdoses Two suspected drug overdoses in Prince Albert last week is prompting police to issue a warning to the public about the risks and dangers of fentanyl. Woman rescued from freezing river in Prince Albert An 18-year-old woman was pulled from the North Saskatchewan river Saturday morning by another 18-year-old woman. 'Blizzard-like conditions' expected for Saskatoon, Prince Albert and northern Sask. communities A winter storm warning has been issued for Prince Albert and surrounding northern communities with heavy snowfall and freezing rain expected Monday and Tuesday. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Sask. Pen inmate captured after missing during evening count A 25-year-old minimum-security inmate unlawfully at large from Saskatchewan Penitentiary has been arrested after a few hours on the lam. Massive mural in Melfort, Sask. honours veterans A mural of poppies was painted on the Legion building in Melfort to mark the 100th anniversary of the adoption of the poppy as a symbol of Remembrance Day in Canada. Winter blast blankets Prince Albert, parts of central Sask. Residents in Central Saskatchewan woke up to fresh snow on the ground and light winds as a low pressure system from Alberta moves brought winter the central belt of the province. In-custody death in Prince Albert prompts investigation An investigation has been launched by the Saskatchewan Coroner’s Service and Saskatoon Police Service following an in-custody death in Prince Albert. Prince Albert organizations launch winter-clothing drive With temperatures steadily dropping across Saskatchewan, Parkland Ambulance is doing its part to ensure everyone has warm clothing this winter. Sask. First Nation holds Vaxx Fest to boost vaccination rates Onion Lake Cree Nation is hosting an event called Vaxx Fest to raise vaccination rates. Unvaccinated Sask. Parks Canada staff 'in a tough spot' over federal policy A group of Parks Canada employees based in Saskatchewan may soon be off the job due to their COVID-19 vaccination status. Rural property crime down across much of Sask.: RCMP Rural property crime in some Saskatchewan RCMP jurisdictions decreased eight per cent in recent years, according to RCMP figures. Search resumes for missing Sask. boaters The search resumes for two members of Hatchet Lake Denesuline Nation who went missing while boating on Wollaston Lake on Oct. 13. Sask. farmer, embracing eco-friendly farming, heads to UN climate summit A Saskatchewan farmer is one of six representatives sponsored by the National Farmers Union (NFU) headed to the United Nations climate change conference. Prince Albert Newscasts CTV News Prince Albert for November 19, 2021 CTV News Prince Albert for November 18, 2021 CTV News Prince Albert for November 17, 2021 CTV News Prince Albert for November 15, 2021 CTV News Prince Albert for November 11, 2021 CTV News Saskatoon Top Stories 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search The family of Mackenzie Trottier, a Saskatoon woman who went missing almost one year ago, has ramped up their search with a poster hanging event. Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers A Saskatoon-based jewelry company has created a jewelry line in collaboration with celebrity choreographers Tabitha and Napoleon D’umo, known by their stage name as Nappytabs. Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama The Corman Park Police Service (CPPS) has asked the public for help finding the owners of a llama. Sask. reports 62 new COVID-19 cases, 1 death The Government of Saskatchewan reported 62 new cases of COVID-19 on Sunday and one more death. Huskies win 84th Hardy Cup The University of Saskatchewan Huskies won the 84th Hardy Cup 45-17 against the Manitoba Bisons on Saturday – marking the 20th win in the history of the program. Sask. reports 185 new COVID-19 cases, 2 deaths The Government of Saskatchewan reported 185 new cases of COVID-19 on Saturday, along with two more deaths. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Here's what we know about COVID-19 vaccines for kids in Sask. Saskatchewan is waiting for 110,000 children’s doses of the Pfizer vaccine to arrive in the province following Health Canada’s approval of the shot for kids aged five to 11 on Friday. Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. STAY CONNECTED Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. CTVNews.ca Top Stories More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Regina Preparations underway for 50th Canadian Western Agribition CTV News Regina: Here's what's making headlines this Sunday John Paddock returns to the Pats bench, leads team to 4-2 victory Winnipeg Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Toronto Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says Ottawa Phase 2 LRT construction creating accessibility issues for Carlingwood residents Sixteen Ottawa elementary schools have COVID-19 outbreaks OPH reports 55 new COVID-19 cases, 1 new hospitalization, 0 new deaths Northern Ontario Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Vancouver Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Vancouver Island Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 London More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
