https://manitoba.ca/covid19/vaccine/immunizationrecord/residents.html
Province of Manitoba | For Residents Header Side Menu Content Footer Search Printer Friendly Français Site Map Contact Government Keywords Resident and online services Search Programs and Services Forms Publications Finding Work Lost Identification Moving to or Around Manitoba Communities around Manitoba Maps Online Services Social Media Directory Mobile Applications Business Search for Business Information Starting a Business Business Research Financing a Business Registration, Legal and Licencing Doing Business with Government BizPaL Government Premier Cabinet Ministers Departments Agencies, Boards and Commissions OpenMB/Proactive Disclosure Legislative Assembly Manitoba Courts Manitoba Laws Visitors Things to do Places to Go Where to Stay Events Trip Essentials Visitor Information Center Manitoba.ca > COVID-19 > Vaccine > Immunization Card and the Pan-Canadian Proof of Vaccination Credential Immunization Cards and Immunization Records Residents of Manitoba have two options for proof of immunization - the Manitoba immunization card and the pan-Canadian proof of vaccination credential (PVC). This chart explains the differences between them, and where each should be used Manitoba Immunization Card Pan-Canadian PVC Valid in Manitoba Yes Yes Valid for federally-regulated purposes, such as travel No Yes Valid in other provinces, territories or countries Limited Yes Check in advance with your destination QR code contains personal information No Yes date of birth, vaccine information Available through immunizationcard.manitoba.ca Yes Three options: digital, app, physical card Yes Digital only Available through Manitoba’s immunization card mobile app Yes Yes Can be verified by the Manitoba verifier app Yes No available in mid November 2021 Allows data collection by verifier apps No Yes On this page Immunization Cards Pan-Canadian Proof of Vaccination Credential (PVC) Immunization Records Immunization Verifier Application Questions and Answers Manitoba Immunization Card The Manitoba Immunization Card is available as a physical card, digitally and in an app. It shows a QR code to validate proof of immunization within the province of Manitoba. This record allows you to: access sports and entertainment venues, attend restaurants, bars and lounges, and visit businesses or any other site that requires proof of immunization. The QR code, when scanned by the Manitoba Immunization Verifier app, only shows your first and last name and a confirmation of immunization. The QR code contains no personal information and the verifier app does not collect or store any information. Request Your Manitoba Immunization Card Fully immunized individuals can request your card online, through the app, or from the province’s call centre at 1-844-MAN-VACC (1-844-626-8222). To download the mobile app, visit the Apple itunes store or the Google Play store. Pan-Canadian Proof of Vaccination Credential (PVC) NEW! Manitoba’s app has been updated to include your Manitoba immunization card and your pan-Canadian PVC. The Pan-Canadian proof of vaccination credential (PVC) is available for fully vaccinated Manitobans for domestic travel and upon entry into Canada when returning from abroad. The PVC may be valid in other jurisdictions and countries as proof of immunization, but please check with destinations in advance to ensure acceptance. The QR code on the PVC contains your date of birth, date of immunization and the brand of vaccine received your name, and your information when scanned by a verifier app will be subject to open data collection. Request Your PVC Fully immunized individuals can request their PVC online, through the app, or from the province’s call centre at 1-844-MAN-VACC (1-844-626-8222). Important Note: The PVC is available digitally only. When requesting it, please do not request a physical Manitoba immunization card unless you do not have one, or require a replacement card. The physical card only shows the provincial QR code that should be used inside Manitoba, while the digital PVC includes a QR code that should be used for travel outside of the province. Download the Manitoba Immunization Verifier Application Available for iOS and Android. Immunization Records Both the Manitoba immunization card and the pan-Canadian PVC rely on information about vaccinations entered into a central database. An immunization record is a personal medical record used by the provincial health care system for all vaccinations. It can be used by health care providers, and used as proof of immunization to visit personal care homes and hospitals. A copy of your Manitoba immunization record is NOT required to apply for a Manitoba Immunization Card. Manitobans can access their own immunization records online, which show the dates you received your vaccine and the type of vaccine you received. Manitoba Immunization Verifier Application The Manitoba Immunization Verifier app allows individuals and businesses to scan a QR code to confirm if an individual is fully vaccinated. This app will be updated in mid- November 2021 to read the QR code from the pan-Canadian PVC in addition to the Manitoba immunization card. While fully immunized residents can choose which proof of vaccination they show, it is strongly recommended that individuals continue to use Manitoba’s immunization card while in the province. Download the Manitoba Immunization Verifier Application To download the mobile app, visit the Apple itunes store or the Google Play store. NOTE: All Manitobans are reminded to be aware of phishing scams. Manitobans are strongly advised to not provide information to any non-Government of Manitoba website or application. Questions and Answers Immunization Cards Immunization Card Application Immunization Record Pan-Canadian Proof of Vaccination Credential (PVC) Immunization Cards How can I get a medical exemption from getting vaccinated? If you believe you should have a medical exemption, contact your specialist. If you do not have one, please contact your family physician who can refer you to the appropriate specialist. Exemptions can only be made by specialists who are: registered with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Manitoba; and, certified by and in good standing with the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada in the relevant specialty. For more information, visit: Province of Manitoba | Eligibility Criteria. How long should I wait before applying for my Manitoba Immunization Card? If your specialist has submitted a medical exemption form on your behalf, please wait seven to 14 days from the time of your consult before you request your Manitoba Immunization Card. What happens if my medical exemption needs to be extended? If your specialist provided a medical exemption that is only temporary and you feel it should be extended, please contact the specialist that provided the exemption. They will determine if an extension is required. If so, the specialist will submit a new medical exemption request for you to Manitoba Health and Seniors Care with a revised expiry date. What happens when my medical exemption expires? When your specialist went through your medical assessment to determine eligibility for the medical exemption program, timelines for expiry of an exemption should include: the time you are not able to be immunized; and the required time for a full immunization series to be administered, including the two weeks after the second dose. If you are fully immunized (two weeks after the second dose has been completed) during the exemption period and before the expiry date of the exemption, then your QR code will remain active. Once the medical exemption expires and if the full immunization series has not been completed, the QR code will be inactivated. You will be unable to enter any public settings that require the public to be fully immunized based on the current public health orders. Will my card allow me all the same access as a Manitoba Immunization Card? You will be able to enter any public settings that requires someone to be fully immunized based on the current public health orders. You will be able to request your digital or physical Manitoba Immunization Card approximately seven to 14 business days after your exemption is submitted by the specialist. The card and the display shown after scanning the QR code will be identical to those currently used by fully immunized people. This will help protect your private health information, while also keeping a simple, consistent process for venues and events that must validate your immunization status. I don't have a Manitoba Health Card. Can I request a medical exemption? Yes. If you don’t have a medical health card, you are eligible for a medical exemption as long your live, work and/or study in Manitoba. The specialist may be required to collect additional demographic information to ensure the exemption is added to the file of the right person. Exemptions can only be made by specialists who are: registered with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Manitoba; and, certified by and in good standing with the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada in the relevant specialty. Immunization Card Application What is the immunization card? Eligible Manitobans can apply for a physical and / or digital immunization card. The card will include your first and last name and a QR code. When scanned, the QR code will validate your proof of immunization. How can I access the data on my card? The digital and physical cards contain no personal health information or data. The cards only show your first and last names and a QR code. When scanned, the QR code will validate your proof of immunization. Why do I need to get a card? The card is an easy and secure way to show that you are fully immunized for COVID-19. Who can scan my card? Anyone with the Manitoba Immunization Verifier app will be able to scan the card. When scanned, your name will be displayed to the verifier so your immunization status can be confirmed. I got vaccinated but I don't have a Manitoba health card - how can I get my immunization card? Individuals who do not have a Manitoba health card can request a Manitoba immunization card if they meet the following requirements: have received two doses of Pfizer, Moderna, AstraZeneca/COVISHIELD or a single dose of Johnson & Johnson vaccine, with the final dose more than 14 days ago; and have submitted proof of any COVID vaccination(s) received outside of Manitoba to public health, and the data has been recorded in the system. Individuals can call 1-844-MAN-VACC (1-844-626-8222) to speak with an agent, who will provide a client identification number for the digital version of the card. The agent can also request a physical card on behalf of callers. Will I need this card to access services? Current public health orders do outline specific activities that can be accessed by people who are fully immunized. The orders also enable businesses and organizations to ask for proof of immunization to ensure they are in compliance with the public health orders. Other than your first and last name, there is no other health information on the card. The QR code will only display a green screen and checkmark, or a red screen and an X. If you choose to show your card to someone to verify it, then your name and vaccination status will be shared with that person. Otherwise, your information is entirely secure. For information on current public health orders, visit: https://manitoba.ca/covid19/prs/orders/index.html. What happens if I don't get immunized? If you are not fully immunized, you may not be able to take part in specific activities that can be accessed by people who are fully immunized. You are strongly encouraged to continue to practice physical distancing, wear a mask and reduce contact with people outside your household. I was vaccinated in another province / territory - how can I get my immunization card? If you received a COVID-19 vaccine outside of Manitoba, you will need to get a record of your vaccination from the jurisdiction where you received it. Once you have your vaccination record, please use this online form to submit it, and your information will be updated. You can also call 1-844-MAN-VACC (1-844-626-8222) with this information, if needed. After this information has been updated, you can then request an immunization card online. I was vaccinated outside Canada - how can I get my immunization card? You will need to get a record of your vaccination from the jurisdiction where you received it. If the vaccination you received is from a brand that is approved in Canada (currently, Pfizer, Moderna, AstraZeneca or Johnson & Johnson), you can go to https://forms.gov.mb.ca/covid-immunization-record-request/index.html to update that information. You can also call 1-844-MAN-VACC (1-844-626-8222) with this information if needed. After this information has been updated, you can then request an immunization card online. What if the vaccination I received is from a brand not currently approved in Canada? If you have received one or two doses of a vaccine that is not approved by Health Canada but approved by the World Health Organization, you can receive a dose of mRNA vaccine in Manitoba to be considered fully immunized. This dose can be administered at supersites, pop-ups or mobile clinics, or by a health care provider or pharmacist. If you have received three doses of a vaccine not approved by Health Canada, you are also considered fully immunized. At that point, you can then request your Manitoba immunization card by calling 1-844-MAN-VACC (1-844-626-8222). How do I update the address on my Manitoba health card? You can contact Manitoba Health and Seniors Care to update your mailing address at www.gov.mb.ca/health/mhsip/forms.html, by phone 204-786-7101 (toll-free: 1-800-392-1207) or by email at: InsuredBen@gov.mb.ca. Will other vaccination or health information appear on my card? Other than your first and last name, there is no other health information on the card. The QR code will only display a green screen and checkmark, or a red screen and an X. Who is eligible for a card? Any person who is eligible to be vaccinated in Manitoba, and has received the required number of doses and waited 14 days since their last dose is eligible to receive an immunization card. Will my information be secure on this card? Yes, your information is secure. If you choose to show your card to someone to verify it, your name and vaccination status will be shared with that person. Otherwise, your information is entirely secure. Will the card allow me to travel? At this time, people who have their immunization cards will be exempt from self-isolation for inter-provincial travel only. What is the difference between an immunization record and an immunization card? An immunization record is a personal medical record used by the provincial health care system for all vaccinations. It can be used by health care providers, and used as proof of immunization to visit personal care homes and hospitals. The Manitoba Digital Immunization Card (or the physical card), which shows a QR code, is used to validate your proof of immunization for non-medical services, including: travel access to sports and entertainment venues restaurants, bars and lounges other businesses as required by the business non-Manitoba immunization cards Can I print a copy of my QR code on a piece of paper and use that as my physical copy until my Manitoba Immunization Card arrives? Yes. A print out of your QR code will work, however identification will be required to validate who you are. Immunization Record Who is eligible to access their COVID-19 immunization record online? You can sign in and view this information online if you: have a valid Manitoba Health card, and have a personal email address. Individuals who do not have a Manitoba Health card can call 1-844-MAN-VACC (1-844-626-8222) to speak with an agent, who will provide a client identification number for the digital version of the card. The agent can also request a physical card on behalf of callers. How long will I have to wait to see my COVID-19 immunization record online? It generally takes several days after your immunization for your information to be available online. If you have a problem accessing your record and it has been at least a week, use this help form. How can I get a paper copy of my COVID-19 immunization record? Once you access your record online, you can print it by selecting the PRINT THIS PAGE button at the top right of the results page.?Please note that printing from a mobile device is not supported. Will my family doctor have access to my COVID-19 immunization record? Yes, your family doctor will also have access to this information. If I don't have a family doctor, who can I speak with if I have questions about my COVID-19 vaccine? For general information regarding the COVID-19 vaccine, refer to this FAQ. You can also contact Health Links - Info Santé at 204-788-8200 or toll-free at 1-888-315-9257 for more information. If you have questions about an adverse reaction after receiving the COVID-19 vaccine, click here for more information or call 911 if it is an emergency. What should I do if the information on my record is not accurate or complete? If your current immunization record: shows an error in your dose(s) does not have your dose(s) documented does not yet include your proof of out-of-province vaccination Please submit any needed corrections or additions by completing this online form, outlining your concern and requesting changes or additions to your record. The e-form process will make it faster and easier to make changes to your vaccination record. forms.gov.mb.ca/covid-immunization-record-request/ Alternatively, you can call 1-844-MAN-VACC (1-844-626-8222) and follow the prompts to get your update process started. I sent an email to correct my immunization record. I have not received a reply. We are currently processing requests that were previously sent by email. We will be contacting everyone who has an outstanding email request. What is the difference between an immunization record and an immunization card? An immunization record is a personal medical record used by the provincial health care system. It can be used by health care providers, and used as proof of immunization to visit personal care homes and hospitals. The Manitoba Digital Immunization Card (or the physical card), which shows a QR code, is your proof of immunization for non-medical services, including: travel access to sports and entertainment venues restaurants, bars and lounges other businesses as required by the business non-Manitoba immunization cards I am a young person and have my immunization card, but I don't have a driver's licence yet. What identification should I use when I have to show my immunization card? A piece of school identification can be used in conjunction with the immunization card to verify a young person’s identity. This approach is similar to what is done for other youth services, like transit passes. Pan-Canadian Proof of Vaccination What is the Proof of Vaccination Credential (PVC)? The Pan-Canadian PVC is a proof of vaccination credential that contains your full name, date of birth, date(s) of vaccination, brand of vaccine, lot number, and country of vaccination in a QR code. All of this information will be displayed when the QR code is scanned, on your mobile device when the card is saved, and if printed as a hard copy. Who can apply for the PVC? Only fully vaccinated individuals are eligible to apply for the PVC. How do I get a Pan-Canadian PVC? The PVC is available through immunizationcard.Manitoba.ca - the same website where people can request their Manitoba immunization card. You can log into your web or mobile account, or register a new account if you haven’t already set one up. If this is your first time in the online portal, click the ‘Request Immunization Card’ button. Otherwise, click on the icon at the top right corner of the screen to take you to the ‘Request’ screen. You can select whether you would like to receive the PDF by email, and / or view and save the PDF on your device. You can also request your physical Manitoba Immunization card at the same time if you haven’t already done so. After successfully submitting your request, the system will create your PVC QR code and either create or refresh you Manitoba Immunization QR code. If you requested to receive your PVC by email, you will receive a confirmation email with a PDF attachment that can be printed out or saved to your device. Manitoba’s immunization card apps will be updated in November to include the PVC. Is there a fee associated with this new federal card? No. The card will be provided at no cost. Will the PVC allow me to travel? The PVC is intended to be used for travel within Canada, and upon entry into Canada when returning from abroad. This document will be required at airports throughout Canada, VIA Rail and Rocky Mountaineer trains, and at any Canadian border crossing (CBSA). If you are planning to travel outside Canada, it is extremely important that you look up the entry requirements of each destination to ensure you meet their eligibility criteria, and that you have the proper documentation with you. The federal government has said that: “Starting November 30, all travellers must be fully vaccinated, with very limited exceptions to address specific situations such as emergency travel, and those medically unable to be vaccinated.” For more information, visit https://travel.gc.ca/travel-covid/travel-restrictions/domestic-travel. It is strongly recommended that individuals continue to use Manitoba’s immunization card while in the province. Manitoba’s immunization card contains no personal health information, which better protects privacy. Where will I be able to use the PVC? The PVC will gradually be accepted at airports throughout Canada and at any Canadian border crossing (CBSA). It will also be required for travel in Canada on VIA Rail and Rocky Mountaineer trains, ferries, etc. Refer to Provincial and territorial restrictions - Travel restrictions in Canada - Travel.gc.ca for more complete information. Within Canada, many non-essential services will also accept it. In November, Manitoba’s verifier app will be updated to read the PVC codes, meaning businesses and other venues will not have to change the way they check immunization status as the PVC becomes more widely used. Will I need the PVC to access services in Manitoba? If you have your Manitoba immunization card, you are strongly encouraged to continue using it within the province. The QR code on your Manitoba Immunization card contains no personal data. When scanned with the Manitoba verifier app your name will be displayed. The QR code on your PVC contains your name, date of birth, vaccination date(s), brand of vaccine, lot number and country of vaccination. When scanned, all this information is potentially made available to the verifier. Will I need the PVC to access services in other provinces and territories in Canada? The PVC is intended to be used for travel within Canada, internationally and upon entry into Canada when returning from abroad. Will I need the PVC to access services outside of Canada? The PVC is intended to be used for travel within Canada, upon entry into Canada when returning from abroad, and for travel abroad as more countries start to use this type of proof of immunization. Any jurisdiction or entity outside of Canada using the international Smart Health Card standard will be able to scan the QR code on your PVC. However, it is strongly recommended that you check the requirements of your destination to ensure you meet their eligibility criteria, and that you have the proper documentation with you. Who is eligible for the PVC? Generally speaking, anyone who has Manitoba’s immunization card is eligible to request the PVC, including individuals who do not have a Manitoba health card. Currently, individuals who have a medical exemption to immunization are not eligible for the PVC. Canadians currently in Manitoba but residing in another province or territory should request the PVC in that jurisdiction. Who can scan my PVC? Canadian airports, VIA Rail and Rocky Mountaineer trains, ferries, others (refer to Provincial and territorial restrictions - Travel restrictions in Canada - Travel.gc.ca for more complete information), and Canadian border crossings may gradually ask to scan your PVC starting October 30. Within Canada, non-essential services may ask to scan your PVC. Outside of Canada, jurisdictions or entities using the Smart Health Card standard may ask to scan your PVC. Is my data secure? To ensure the highest level of security, your PVC data is not stored. However, when you present your PVC QR code to be verified, your private information may be made available to the verifier and potentially stored. It is for this reason that we recommend that you continue to use the Manitoba Immunization Card within Manitoba. If you are carrying a paper copy of the PDF, keep it in a secure place. Why does my Pan-Canadian PVC only show on one of my devices? For increased security, your PVC is only stored on the device on which it is requested. If you wish to have it available on multiple devices, you will have to request it on each device individually. Do I need a Manitoba immunization card to get a PVC? No. As long as you meet the eligibility criteria to be considered fully immunized, you may request your PVC. If you do not have a Manitoba immunization card yet, the system will create a Manitoba immunization card QR code when you request your PVC. Get Started COVID-19 Vaccine Immunization Clinics Eligibility Criteria Workplaces and the COVID-19 Vaccine COVID-19 Immunization for Young People Vaccine Finder Immunization Card and the Pan-Canadian Proof of Vaccination Credential For Businesses For Residents For Visitors Vaccinated While Away? Report Your Vaccine Today! About the Vaccine Questions and Answers Physician and Pharmacist Vaccination Partners Independent Immunization Partners Channel Resources and Consent Forms Information for Health Care Professionals Reports News Releases Accessibility Disclaimer Copyright Privacy Twitter Facebook YouTube Flickr
