https://www.gov.mb.ca/covid19/prs/index.html#provinciallevel
Province of Manitoba | Pandemic Response System Header Side Menu Content Footer Search Printer Friendly Français Site Map Contact Government Keywords Resident and online services Search Programs and Services Forms Publications Finding Work Lost Identification Moving to or Around Manitoba Communities around Manitoba Maps Online Services Social Media Directory Mobile Applications Business Search for Business Information Starting a Business Business Research Financing a Business Registration, Legal and Licencing Doing Business with Government BizPaL Government Premier Cabinet Ministers Departments Agencies, Boards and Commissions OpenMB/Proactive Disclosure Legislative Assembly Manitoba Courts Manitoba Laws Visitors Things to do Places to Go Where to Stay Events Trip Essentials Visitor Information Center Manitoba.ca > COVID-19 > Pandemic Response System Sharing information with Manitobans about risk, response and recommended actions. Provincial Response Level: Restricted Community transmission of COVID-19 is occurring and vaccinate rates are increasing. However, case counts are rising. As of Tuesday, October 5, 2021, the Chief Provincial Public Health Officer has set the response level to orange. Changes to existing public health orders will take effect November 13, 2021 at 12:01 a.m. For information on province-wide restrictions at the Restricted Level, see: Guidance on group gatherings, self-isolation, travel and mask wearing Sector based guidance for businesses and individuals State of Emergency and Current Public Health Orders page. Additional guidance specific to Southern Health-Santé Sud The following province-wide public health orders are in effect: November 12, 2021 - General COVID-19 Prevention Order (pdf) June 10, 2021 - Self-Isolation Orders for Persons Entering Manitoba (pdf) June 10, 2021 - Orders Under the Public Health Act (Self-Isolation and Contact Tracing) - COVID-19 Prevention Orders (pdf) June 10, 2021 - Orders Under the Public Health Act - Travel to Northern and Remote Communities (pdf) Additional Response by Region Interlake-Eastern Additional Restrictions Stony Mountain School, grade 5/6 class, Stony Mountain: Restricted Outbreak declared. The class has been moved to remote learning. Learn more about the additional response by Interlake-Eastern. Northern Additional Restrictions Travel to Northern Manitoba: Restricted With increased case numbers in southern Manitoba, Public Health has implemented travel restrictions to northern Manitoba and remote communities, effective Friday, September 4th. Learn More... Mathias Colomb Cree Nation: Critical Outbreak declared. Learn more about the additional response by Northern. Prairie Mountain Additional Restrictions Russell Personal Care Home, Russell: Critical Outbreak declared. Riverheights School, kindergarten cohort, Brandon: Restricted Outbreak declared. Neepawa Health Centre, Neepawa: Critical Outbreak declared. Russell Health Centre, Russell: Critical Outbreak declared. Benito Personal Care Home, Benito: Critical Outbreak declared. Learn more about the additional response by Prairie Mountain Health. Southern Portage District General Hospital Rehab Unit, Portage la Prairie: Critical Outbreak declared. Third Crossing Manor Personal Care Home, Gladstone: Critical Outbreak declared. Portage District General Hospital, medicine unit, Portage la Prairie: Critical Outbreak declared. Fernwood Place in Steinbach: Critical Outbreak declared. Portage Evangelical Church, Portage la Prairie: Critical Outbreak declared. Learn more about the additional response by Southern Health-Santé Sud. Winnipeg Region Additional Restrictions Amber Meadows Retirement Home: Critical Outbreak declared. South Pointe School, grade 2 class: Restricted Outbreak declared. Moved to remote learning. École Sacré-Coeur, grade 2: Restricted Outbreak declared. Moved to remote learning. Health Sciences Centre, unit GD4, Medical, Winnipeg : Critical Outbreak declared. Learn more about the additional response by Winnipeg Regional Health Authority. Current State of Emergency and Public Health Orders The Manitoba government declared a province-wide state of emergency under The Emergency Measures Act on March 20, 2020, to protect the health and safety of all Manitobans and reduce the spread of COVID-19. For more information, visit State of Emergency and Current Public Health Orders Get Tested for COVID-19 If you have symptoms of COVID-19 visit a testing site as soon as possible. If you have concerns about your symptoms, or are unsure whether you should be tested, call Health Links-Info Santé (204-788-8200 or toll free at 1-888-315-9257). The Pandemic Response System Manitoba's Pandemic Response provides detailed, easy-to-understand direction to residents and businesses at a provincial, regional, sector and facility level. Learn more about the system Additional guidance at the Restricted Level Two metres of physical distancing is strongly recommended for all activities except for brief exchanges where masks are used, or if non-permeable barriers (e.g., Plexiglas) are in place. Mask use is required in indoor public places. For details on specific sectors, please refer directly to the General COVID-19 Prevention Order (pdf) Confirmed Cases and Close Contacts Individuals identified as having COVID-19 must immediately enter mandatory isolation until public health officials advise they can end isolation. Close contacts of a person or persons with COVID-19, unless otherwise exempt, must immediately go into mandatory self-isolation (quarantine) for 10 days, followed by 4 days of self-monitoring for symptoms, from the last date of exposure. They should call Health Links--Info Santé (204-788-8200 or 1-888-315-9257) if they develop symptoms. Household members of close contacts do not need to self-isolate (quarantine) as long as they and the close contact in the household remain without symptoms. If the close contact develops symptoms, all household members, unless otherwise exempt, should self-isolate (quarantine) until the symptomatic individual receives their COVID-19 test result. Close contacts and household members of close contacts may be exempt from self-isolation (quarantine) if they have no symptoms AND are fully immunized at the time of the exposure or have had a COVID-19 infection within the past 6 months. Public health officials will let close contacts know if they meet criteria for exemption from self-isolation (quarantine). All individuals exempt from self-isolation (quarantine) requirements, should continue to self-monitor for symptoms, and isolate immediately if any develop and go for testing. NOTE: In times of increased community transmission and case numbers, public health officials may implement stricter requirements to reduce the spread of the virus. These additional measures may apply regionally or provincially. The online COVID-19 Screening Tool will provide guidance and direction on any new requirements. Public health officials will also provide this guidance during the contact tracing process. Gatherings Residential Gatherings: Indoors: Households are limited to guests from one other household when any unvaccinated person (who is eligible to be vaccinated) is present on the property (even if the unvaccinated person lives at that location). Fully immunized people may gather without capacity limits with other fully immunized people and those under 12 who are not eligible for the vaccine. Outdoors: Households are limited to 10 guests outdoors when any unvaccinated person (who is eligible to be vaccinated) is present on the property (even if the unvaccinated person lives at that location). Fully immunized people may gather without capacity limits with other fully immunized people and those under 12 who are not eligible for the vaccine. Public Gatherings: Indoor: Group sizes to 25 people or 25 per cent capacity, whichever is lower, are permitted for gatherings that include unvaccinated people who are eligible to be vaccinated. Groups of fully immunized people and those under 12 who are not eligible for the vaccine may gather without capacity limits. Outdoor: Groups of up to 50 people are permitted in uncontrolled outdoor public spaces. Groups of fully immunized people and those under 12 who are not eligible for the vaccine may gather without capacity limits. Proof of Vaccination Guidelines The public health orders state: 1(5) The occupants of the private residence where a gathering is held are responsible for determining the vaccination status of all persons attending the gathering. Proof of vaccination is required for those 12 years of age and older to attend private and public indoor and outdoor gatherings. For large-scale gatherings, the digital or physical Manitoba Immunization Card, which includes QR code, must be scanned when a person presents their QR code. This also includes a screenshot or a print-out of the QR code. Government-issued identification must be requested and is required to validate the person’s identity as matching the vaccination record provided. For information on how to scan the QR code, visit: manitoba.ca/covid19/vaccine/immunizationrecord/businesses.html An honour system or self-identification is not an acceptable means of verification. Masks Mask use is required in indoor public places. A person who enters or remains in an indoor public place must wear a mask in a manner that covers their mouth, nose and chin without gapping. An indoor public space includes: any part of a retail store where the public has access; any part of the common areas of a residential building; a health care facility; an educational institution or facility; an elevator; a motor vehicle used for public transportation, including a bus, taxi, limousine or other vehicle for hire; and a bus shelter, pedestrian tunnel or enclosed pedestrian walkway. The operator of an indoor public place must ensure that every person who is not wearing a mask while in the indoor public place is given a reminder to do so as soon as possible following entry. In addition, employees, contractors or operators of an indoor public place do not need to wear a mask while they are in an area where members of the public do not normally have access, or if they are behind a non-permeable physical barrier, including a plexiglass barrier. People can temporarily remove their mask while in an indoor public place: to receive a service that requires the removal of their mask, to consume food or drink; to deal with an emergency or medical purpose, or to establish their identity. People who do not have to wear masks include: a child who is under five years of age; a person with a medical condition that is unrelated to COVID-19, including breathing or cognitive difficulties or a disability, which prevents them from safely wearing a mask; a person who is swimming or engaged in other athletic activities; and a person who is unable to put on or remove a mask without the assistance of another person. What is considered an indoor public space? An indoor public space includes: any part of a retail store where the public has access; any part of the common areas of a residential building; a health care facility; an educational institution or facility; an elevator; a motor vehicle used for public transportation, including a bus, taxi , limousine or other vehicle for hire; and a bus shelter, pedestrian tunnel or enclosed pedestrian walkway. This order does not apply to a child care centre or a child care home. Hospitals, personal care homes and long-term residential care Please refer to Shared Health’s updates at: sharedhealthmb.ca/covid19/providers/ltc-and-pch-resources/ Northern Travel Travel north of the 53rd parallel is not permitted. Some exemptions apply, including Manitobans who live in that region, employees of critical businesses, government officials and health care providers. For more information on other requirements and exemptions, read the public health order or see the additional restrictions. Travel to communities that are not connected to the provincial highway system by a year-round all-weather road (remote communities) is not permitted. Some exemptions apply, including Manitobans who live in that region, employees of critical businesses, government officials and health care providers. For more information on other requirements and exemptions, read the public health order or see the additional restrictions. Manitobans should not travel between regions under different public health restrictions except for essential purposes. For example, those living in a region where retail stores are limited to selling essential-only items should not travel to a region that has fewer restrictions on retail to halt the spread of the virus and keep those in each region safe. Public health officials strongly recommend that COVID-19 testing occur before travel to First Nations and Indigenous and Northern Relations communities, and before someone returns to a community if a resident has been away for more than 48 hours. Testing is recommended for individuals who have not received any or an incomplete series of vaccine. Testing is not routinely recommended for individuals who are fully vaccinated for COVID-19 AND two weeks have passed since their last dose*. Individuals are considered fully vaccinated: two weeks after their second dose in a two-dose series, such as the Pfizer, Moderna, or Astra Zeneca vaccines, or two weeks after a single-dose vaccine, such as Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen vaccine. two weeks after being fully immunized outside Canada with COVID-19 vaccines that are not approved in Canada, but are on the WHO Emergency Use Listing are also considered fully immunized. For more information on testing see www.gov.mb.ca/covid19/prs/orders *Note: Individual First Nation communities may have further testing guidance in place that should be followed for all people traveling into those communities, including those who are fully immunized. Travel to and from Manitoba Fully vaccinated (two doses) individuals can now travel within Canada without being required to self-isolate (quarantine) for 14 days upon arrival back in the province. 14 days of self-isolation (quarantine), is still required for people returning or coming to Manitoba from all jurisdictions if they are not fully vaccinated. For information on current exemptions, visit: Self-isolation Exemptions. Individuals who travelled internationally must follow federal testing and self-isolation (quarantine) requirements. For information on current exemptions, visit: Self-isolation Exemptions. All domestic travellers who are not exempt from quarantine in the orders are strongly advised to get two COVID-19 tests -- one on the day of arrival, and another on the 10th day after arriving in Manitoba regardless of if they are displaying symptoms, and whether they are visiting Manitoba or are returning from out of the province. They should make an appointment with a provincial testing site or visit a drive-thru test site and indicate at the time of testing that they have been out of Manitoba and share the location of travel. Travellers, who are not exempt from quarantine, must observe the full 14-day self-isolation (quarantine) period regardless of symptoms and test results. Re-testing is advised if an asymptomatic individual develops symptoms at any point, unless the individual had already tested positive. Individuals who test positive for COVID-19 and have had close contact to a traveller should identify this contact to public health during the public health investigation and follow-up. Testing as a result of domestic travel is not required for individuals who are exempt from quarantine in the provincial public health orders. See the State of Emergency and Current Public Health Orders page for more information and exemptions to self-isolation Sector Based Guidance: Proof of Vaccination Guidelines Proof of vaccination is required for those 12 years of age and older to attend certain businesses and events, including indoor and outdoor dining. People must present official documentation confirming they are fully immunized against COVID-19. This includes the Manitoba Immunization Card, as well as official vaccination records issued by another jurisdiction. When a person presents digital or physical Manitoba Immunization Card, which includes QR code, the QR Code must be scanned. This also includes a screenshot or a print-out of the QR code. Government-issued identification must be requested and is required to validate the person’s identity as matching the vaccination record provided. An honour system or self-identification is not an acceptable means of verification. For information on how to scan the QR code, visit: manitoba.ca/covid19/vaccine/immunizationrecord/businesses.html Food courts must follow the same regulations. Seating areas in food courts need to have controlled access points and proof of vaccination checks at entry points. Individuals are not required to provide proof of vaccination to enter a site for the sole purpose of picking up takeout or delivery orders. Retail stores and malls (including markets, garden centres, and occasional pop-up retail) Retail capacity is permitted at 50 per cent in the Southern Health-Santé Sud health region. Retail capacity is permitted at 100 per cent in the Interlake-Eastern, Northern, Prairie Mountain, Winnipeg health regions, and at a retail business that is located in the Town of Niverville or in the Rural Municipalities of St. Francois Xavier, Cartier, Headingley, Macdonald, Ritchot or Taché in the Southern Health Region. May open provided the operator of the business takes actions to ensure two metres of separation of customers. Masks are required indoors. Food courts must follow the rules set out for restaurants in the public health order. Child Care, Day Camps and Overnight Camps Day camps may open without restriction. Overnight camps may operate with restrictions: The number of camp and staff in a group does not exceed 15; There is no interaction between groups; and, The camp operates within a plan approved by public health. Family child-care homes and child-care centres can open and operate in accordance with applicable legislation: COVID-19 Early Learning and Child Care Practice Guidance (pdf) A revised Coronavirus (COVID-19) Early Learning and Child Care Practice Guidance document with technical information will be distributed within the next few weeks to reflect the new public health directives. Outdoor and Indoor Sports and Recreation Indoor Sports and Recreation: Proof of vaccination will be required. Provincewide, proof of at least one dose of vaccination, or a recent (within 72 hours) negative test result will be required for 12 to 17 year olds for indoor and recreational sports. There will be a grace period until Dec. 5 to allow individuals who are not yet fully immunized to comply, with the order in effect at 12:01 a.m. on Dec. 6. Negative tests need to come from a participating pharmacy as provincial testing sites should only be accessed by symptomatic individuals, or those who are required to take a PCR test by public health. All parent, coaches and spectators aged 12 and up will also need to be fully immunized and require proof of vaccination. All indoor group activities permitted with no capacity limits on participants. This includes games, practices, competitions/ tournaments, day camps, rehearsals and recitals. Outdoor Sports and Recreation: No capacity limits for participants. Includes games, practices, competitions/ tournaments, day camps, rehearsals and recitals. Spectator capacity limited to 50 per cent of the capacity of a place. This includes other teams who are not active on the field of play (ex: at a tournament) and spectators should maintain a two-metre distance whenever reasonably possible. Fitness Clubs, Gyms and Training Facilities, Sports and Recreation Facilities Proof of vaccination will be required. Masks remain required when not actively engaged in physical activity Large-scale outdoor professional sports or performing arts events Professional outdoor sports, outdoor performing arts events and concert halls may open for fully immunized (two doses and two weeks post second dose) to a maximum of 100 per cent. Unvaccinated children 12 and under may attend/visit these events if accompanied by a fully vaccinated member of their household. Outdoor Season Events, Fairs, Festivals and Community Events Corn mazes, haunted houses and other seasonal outdoor facilities or events may operate if everyone attending provides proof of immunization, or are under 12 years of age. Outdoor fairs, festivals and other outdoor major community events may be held if the number of persons attending does not exceed 50 persons Museums, Galleries, Concert Halls and Movie Theatres Museums may operate under the requirement to show proof of vaccination (indoors only) when open to the public as a museum. If the museum is used as a private venue for another purpose (e.g. wedding), then the appropriate orders apply. Proof of vaccination will be required for movie theatres and concert halls - they may open with no other restrictions. Libraries May open without restrictions. Mask use is required. Restaurants and Other Public Food Establishments, and Bars, Beverage Rooms, Brew Pubs, Micro-breweries and Distilleries Proof of vaccination is required for those 12 years of age and older to attend indoor and outdoor dining. Food courts must follow these same regulations. Individuals are not required to provide proof of vaccination to enter for the sole purpose of picking up takeout or delivery orders. Individuals are required to wear masks. Personal Service Businesses May open as long as the business implements measures outlined in the public health order. Religious Services and Indigenous Cultural Events Drive-in services continue unrestricted. Outdoors groups of up to 50 people are permitted in uncontrolled outdoor public spaces. Physical distancing is required. For Prairie Mountain, Northern, Interlake-Eastern and Winnipeg (including: The municipalities of Cartier, Headingley, Macdonald, Ritchot (Niverville-Ritchot), St. François Xavier and Taché): Indoor regular service group sizes are limited to 25 people or 33 per cent capacity, whichever is greater, are permitted for gatherings that include unvaccinated people who are eligible to be vaccinated. Physical distancing is required. Fully immunized people and those under 12 who are not eligible for the vaccine may gather without capacity limits. Southern Health-Santé Sud: Indoor regular services are limited to 25 people unless the facility can physically divide the space into separate areas, in which case several cohorts of up to 25 can attend the same service. The total number of attendees at a service may not exceed 25 per cent of facility capacity, to a maximum of 250 people. Cohorts must not mingle, masks must be worn and physical distancing rules apply. Services restricted to fully immunized people and those under 12 who are not eligible for the vaccine may occur without capacity limits. Therapeutic Care Regulated professions, massage therapists and athletic therapists can continue to provide services. Non-regulated health services, such as pedorthists and reflexologists, can open with adequate physical distancing and requirements to collect information for contact tracing purposes. Therapeutic care services, such as regulated professions like physician/dentist offices, massage therapists and athletic therapists, as well as non-regulated health services, such as pedorthists and reflexologists, can make their own decisions about mask requirements as they are a private business. Weddings and funerals Permitting indoor public gathering group sizes to 25 people or 25 per cent capacity, whichever is lower, for gatherings that include unvaccinated people who are eligible to be vaccinated. Effective October 12, 2021. Outdoor weddings and funerals are limited to 50 people, or if an outdoor venue has a capacity limit, the allowed capacity is 50 per cent or 150 people, whichever is greater. Support groups Indoor and outdoor gathering limits apply. Casinos and VLTs May open with proof of vaccination required. Physical distancing is no longer required between VLTs. Horse and Auto Racing Open to 100 per cent for fully immunized people, with a plan approved by public health. Unvaccinated children under 12 may attend if accompanied by fully vaccinated household members. Accessibility Disclaimer Copyright Privacy Twitter Facebook YouTube Flickr
