https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/queenspark
Queen's Park Skip to main content Live Search CTV Toronto Close TORONTO Search CTV Toronto Close News Latest News All News Vaccines Weather Queen's Park Consumer Alert Traffic Toy Mountain Video Latest All Video Consumer Alert Health CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Queen's Park Queen's Park Ontario high schools allowed to return to regular semesters in February Ontario high schools will shift back to regular semesters no later than February, returning secondary students to a normal schedule for the first time since the onset of the pandemic. Watch Live For the latest news throughout the day watch CP24 and CTV News Toronto CTV News at Noon 12:00 p.m. CP24 Live at 5 5:00 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. Ontario sending students home with five rapid COVID-19 antigen tests for winter break Ontario is preparing to send a pack of five rapid antigen COVID-19 tests home with every school child in the province in time for winter break, in a massive effort to screen kids over the holidays and prevent infected kids from re-entering schools in January. Ontario will phase out paper renewal notices for driver's licences, licence plate stickers and health cards Paper renewal notices for driver’s licences, licence plate stickers, and health cards in Ontario will soon be a thing of the past. Ontario delays launch of digital ID program until next year The Ontario government has announced the launch of the digital ID program will be delayed until 2022 because they shifted their resources into creating an app for the province's proof of vaccination system. Ontario will let regions take lead on tougher COVID-19 pandemic measures for now As more Ontario regions contend with health system strain from rising COVID-19 infections, Premier Doug Ford said Tuesday that his government will keep relying on local medical officers of health to reinstate pandemic restrictions. Ontario investing $75.1M to fight gun and gang violence The Ontario government is investing $75.1 million over the next three years to fight gun and gang violence in the province. Ford, Trudeau fight over $10 a day child care heats up The fight between Ontario and Ottawa over a $10-a-day child-care program seems to be ramping up as the two governments point fingers over which side is holding up the negotiations. Optometrists 'desperate': PC MPP criticizes Ford government over handling of file Progressive Conservative MPP Gila Martow says her own party should be doing more at Queen's Park to resolve a dragging dispute with optometrists. Doug Ford says pit bull ban not changing, expresses sympathy for boy bitten by dog Ontario's pit bull ban isn't going to change at the moment, Premier Doug Ford said Wednesday as he expressed sympathy for a teen bitten by a dog whose case had earlier drawn his attention. Federal Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Two months after the 2021 federal election, the 44th Parliament officially begins on Monday, a speech from the throne on Tuesday. The first few days will include a heavy dose of procedure, but also a series of key decisions. One big difference this time around is the vaccine mandate. How will it all work? Here's a rundown of some of the key elements involved in the opening of the new Parliament. Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Federal employment Minister Carla Qualtrough says British Columbians displaced or left jobless due to extreme flooding should immediately apply for employment insurance benefits - even if they wouldn't normally be eligible. Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Concern over the vaccination status of Conservative MPs was front and centre on the eve of a new session of Parliament after one of them tested positive for COVID-19. Sen. Josee Forest-Niesing, 56, dies after battling COVID-19 and autoimmune condition Canadian Sen. Josee Forest-Niesing, who recently returned home after being hospitalized for a month due to COVID-19, has died. She was 56. Conservative MP Richard Lehoux tests positive for COVID-19, party says The Conservative party says a Quebec member of Parliament has tested positive for COVID-19. Feds have no plans to extend vaccine mandate to kids: Duclos The federal government says it has no plans to enforce a vaccine mandate for children, as Health Canada green lights the first COVID-19 vaccine for those aged five to 11 years old. Health Minister Jean-Yves Duclos says, as it stands now, Ottawa won't apply the same mobility restrictions to children as they have to adults travelling in and out of the country. Trudeau calls Three Amigos summit 'extremely effective,' but Biden unmoved on EVs Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tried to claim a moral victory Thursday after his day at the White House did little to defuse an escalating continental dispute over U.S. President Joe Biden's plans to encourage Americans to buy more electric vehicles. 'I erred in judgment': Vuong breaks silence, apologizes for not disclosing sexual assault allegation Independent Member of Parliament Kevin Vuong says he regrets not being transparent about a past sexual assault charge and is apologizing after the allegations surfaced just days before the federal election. Toronto Top Stories Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs About 100 people gathered along Toronto's rail lines on Sunday in support of the Wet’suwet’en hereditary chiefs fighting against the construction of a pipeline through their territory following multiple arrests in northern B.C. Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Health officials in Ontario reported another 741 cases of COVID-19 on Sunday as well as three more deaths related to the disease. Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says The city is asking residents to avoid a park in North York after a coyote attacked and bit two people Sunday afternoon. Ontario PCs breaking election promise to restore auditor general's ad oversight power Ontario's Progressive Conservative government is breaking an election promise to restore the auditor general's powers over government advertising. The TTC is changing a number of routes due to staffing shortages. Here's what you need to know More than 50 bus routes in Toronto, as well as the Bloor-Danforth subway line, will be impacted by service changes starting Monday as a result of staffing shortages caused by the TTC's COVID-19 vaccine mandate. CTVNEWS.CA TOP STORIES BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 London BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen Northern Ontario Winter conditions close multiple major highways and several weather alerts issued Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Kitchener 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Ottawa Phase 2 LRT construction creating accessibility issues for Carlingwood residents Sixteen Ottawa elementary schools have COVID-19 outbreaks OPH reports 55 new COVID-19 cases, 1 new hospitalization, 0 new deaths Windsor BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade 'I’m just thankful I’m alive': Harrow woman ready to return home after ATV crash $100K attic fire in Windsor, Ont. Barrie Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Winnipeg Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Vancouver Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
