https://www.bbc.co.uk/contact/questions
Questions | Contact the BBC Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC Account Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Arts Taster Local Three Menu Search Search the BBCSearch the BBC Search BBC Search BBC Contact the BBC Menu Contact Home Questions Comments Complaints Questions Want to find out more about our output, get help using our services, or just have a general enquiry about the BBC? If so, browse our popular answers or use the search bar below to search our FAQs. Top Tip: Try searching with a keyword, like the name of the programme or service you have a question about. If you would like to search all content on www.bbc.co.uk try the main search box at the top right of the page. search Popular Questions How can I donate to Children in Need 2021? How can I take part in this year's Children in Need appeal? BBC 100 - Celebrate 100 years of the BBC in 2022 Getting In Touch See all I've seen a BBC News story about donating laptops. How can I help? How can I contact the BBC? How can I contact a BBC programme? Help Using BBC Services See all Problems with television and radio services in North Yorkshire and Teesside - 10 August 2021 Have the BBC Sport and BBC News TV apps closed? Are the Lottery and Weather information services no longer available on the connected red button? Programme Information See all How can I follow the Snooker: UK Championship? How can I watch the Women's FA Cup Final: Arsenal v Chelsea? How can I watch Freddie Mercury: The Final Act? Shows, Tours and Take Part See all How can I take part in The Repair Shop? I have a ticket to be in the audience for a BBC show, can I still go? Can I still attend BBC Tours due to the coronavirus outbreak? Behind the scenes See all Where can I find information about the licence fee? Consultations on licence fees for older people in Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man - where can I find out more? Who is the new BBC Director-General? Using BBC Content See all Can I use images or screenshots? Can I use BBC content or material? Can I share things from the BBC? Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Arts Taster Local Three Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised NewslettersCopyright © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
