https://www.ctvnews.ca/world/queen-marks-first-wedding-anniversary-without-prince-philip-1.5674595
Queen marks first wedding anniversary without Prince Philip | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement WORLD Queen marks first wedding anniversary without Prince Philip Rob Picheta CNN Digital Contact Published Saturday, November 20, 2021 12:46PM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: Queen Elizabeth II has reached her first wedding anniversary since the death of her husband, Prince Philip. The couple were married on Nov. 20, 1947, and spent more than seven decades together until Philip's death in April, aged 99. Saturday would have been their 74th anniversary. The Queen, who is 95, has only recently resumed her engagements after spraining her back. Sign up for our Royal Dispatch newsletter for all the latest royal news She was forced to miss a Remembrance Sunday service in London last weekend due to the ailment, but was pictured meeting an outgoing general at Windsor Castle on Wednesday. The death of Philip earlier this year brought an end to the pair's lengthy and storied romance. Their wedding at Westminster Abbey, when they were still Princess Elizabeth and Lt. Philip Mountbatten, attracted worldwide attention and came just five years before Elizabeth would ascend the throne following the sudden death of her father, King George VI. The couple enjoyed the longest partnership of any sovereign. Following Philip's death, the Queen said her family was "in a period of great sadness." "It has been a comfort to us all to see and to hear the tributes paid to my husband, from those within the United Kingdom, the Commonwealth and around the world," she added. RELATED IMAGES view larger image In this Nov. 18, 2007 file photo, Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh at Broadlands. (Fiona Hanson/PA via AP, File) Related Stories Queen carries out in-person audience at Windsor Castle Richard Berthelsen: What the Queen's latest health setback means for the monarchy Queen sprains back, misses Remembrance Sunday service Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Stories from World BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement Most-Watched false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 The Climate Barometer Sign up for our weekly email newsletter delving into climate science and life on a changing planet. Canada's Most Trusted News. Download the CTV News app now. Most-Read Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
