https://www.ctvnews.ca/world/queen-attends-christening-of-2-great-grandsons-1.5675298
Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement WORLD Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons The Associated Press Staff Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 2:00PM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: LONDON -- Queen Elizabeth II attended a double christening on Sunday for two of her great-grandchildren. The 95-year-old monarch, who has cancelled several recent public appearances on her doctors' advice, watched the baptisms of August, son of Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank, and Lucas Philip, son of Zara Tindall and her husband Mike Tindall. The private service at the Royal Lodge in Windsor Great Park, west of London, was attended by members of the Royal Family and close friends. Sign up for our Royal Dispatch newsletter for all the latest royal news August was born in February and Lucas in March. Both boys' mothers are granddaughters of the Queen. The Queen has 12 great-grandchildren, the youngest of them 2-month-old Sienna Elizabeth, daughter of Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. Concerns about the monarch's health were raised last month, when she spent a night in a London hospital after being admitted for medical tests. In late October, palace officials said the monarch had been told by doctors to rest for two weeks and only take on light duties. She had planned to attend the annual Remembrance Sunday service on Nov. 14 but pulled out at the last minute after spraining her back. On Wednesday she returned to public duties, holding an in-person audience at Windsor Castle with the outgoing head of Britain's armed forces. The Queen is due to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee - marking 70 years on the throne - next year. RELATED IMAGES view larger image Queen Elizabeth II leaves Windsor Great Park in Berkshire, England, Sunday, Nov. 21, 2021. (Steve Parsons/PA via AP) Related Stories Queen marks first wedding anniversary without Prince Philip Prince Charles cancels visit to aircraft carrier after British fighter crash Richard Berthelsen: What the Queen's latest health setback means for the monarchy Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Stories from World Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement Most-Watched false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 The Climate Barometer Sign up for our weekly email newsletter delving into climate science and life on a changing planet. Canada's Most Trusted News. Download the CTV News app now. Most-Read Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
