https://barrie.ctvnews.ca/resorts-struggle-to-run-at-full-capacity-with-worker-shortages-1.5673967
Resorts struggle to run at full capacity with worker shortages | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Barrie Close BARRIE Search CTV Barrie Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Photo Galleries Contests Around the Region Simcoe - Muskoka COVID-19 Updates Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at Eleven About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Barrie Resorts struggle to run at full capacity with worker shortages Orillia, Ont. - Fern Resort along the shores of Lake Couchiching in Orillia is operating at about 60 per cent this holiday season because of a staffing shortage. After a successful summer season, the resort's owner said they, like many others, are treading carefully heading into the winter months. "We are balancing out our occupancy with the amount of staff that we can employ," said Mark Downing. While Downing admitted he would like to run at full capacity, he just can't find the staff. "We stopped taking booking for Christmas a month ago," he said. "We've got the product here. We'd love to be able to give them that experience, and, of course, being closed down for last year, not being able to deliver on that product is tough as well." The lack of workers is being felt right across the industry in Ontario. "It's our biggest issue at this time," said Resorts of Ontario executive director Grace Sammut. However, Sammut said the problem isn't a new one. "The pandemic exacerbated the issue." Resorts of Ontario pointed to a drop in enrolment in hospitality schools and a need for policy change for foreign workers as factors. Sammut mentioned that anyone looking for a summer getaway should consider booking now. She said there was no indication that staffing levels would improve for resorts come the warmer months. Barrie Top Stories Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser OPP search for suspects after Thursday shoplifting incident in Gravenhurst Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch New AED installed in Oro-Medonte Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
