https://northernontario.ctvnews.ca/rooster-among-record-number-of-animals-at-sault-ste-marie-humane-society-1.5675355
Rooster among record number of animals at Sault Ste. Marie Humane Society | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Northern Ontario Close NORTHERN ONTARIO Search CTV Northern Ontario Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Northern COVID-19 News Northern Mining News Northern Federal Election Coverage Around the Region North Bay News Sault Ste. Marie News Sudbury News Timmins News Video Latest All Video CTV News Live OHL FILE Online Exclusive Video Help Northern Ontario Features Along for the Ride with CAA Ask An Expert Community Futures Northeastern Ontario Explore the Outdoors Fields to Forks Gardening Northern Artists Perform Pet Care Volunteer of the Month Shows News Programs CTV news at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Instagram Twitter Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Northern Ontario Rooster among record number of animals at Sault Ste. Marie Humane Society SAULT STE. MARIE - The Sault Ste. Marie Humane Society is seeing a record number of animals at the local animal shelter. But it's not just dogs and cats that are up for adoption, other critters are looking for their forever home. "At one point we had close to I would say 30 rabbits in the building, about a dozen guinea pigs," says Laura Smith, Animal Care and Control Agent for the Humane Society. "We also have a rooster, and we've gotten quite a few chickens this year." Smith says the rooster has quite the story behind him. She says she caught the little guy herself. "He was running down Pine Street and he got himself cornered in somebody's yard, so I was able to catch him," says Smith. "He was a juvenile, so we weren't one hundred per cent sure at the time that he was a rooster." Smith says it became obvious he was a rooster as he began to grow - and when he let out his first "cock-a-doodle-doo" at the shelter. Along with that big voice comes a hot temper. "Now that he's grown up and especially with the fact that there are a couple of ladies back there, he has become harder for us to handle," says Smith. "If you know roosters, you know that caution is needed around them." With more and more hobby farms popping up, Smith says there's been a demand for chickens in particular. "Especially with the pandemic, we've seen a lot of people doing hobby farms with chicken layers," she says. "Roosters protect the chickens essentially. So, there is a benefit to having a rooster if you've got layers, they will protect their flock." Roosters cannot be kept with the city limits of Sault Ste. Marie, so Smith says this rooster will have to go to a rural family. As for other animals at the shelter, Smith says there are more than 100 cats and around 40 dogs waiting to meet their new families. Top Stories Winter conditions close multiple major highways and several weather alerts issued Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Potential public exposures to COVID-19 reported on Temiskaming Transit routes PHU declares COVID-19 outbreak at Pope Francis Elementary School in Timmins Rooster among record number of animals at Sault Ste. Marie Humane Society Sudbury’s Salvation Army launches 'Christmas Kettle' campaign Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
