https://montreal.ctvnews.ca/science-tech
Science & Tech | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live Search CTV Montreal Close MONTREAL Search CTV Montreal Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Science & Tech | CTV News Montreal Sci-tech Time travel to the middle ages on a Viking adventure: video game part of new Ubisoft, university partnership If you're looking for a getaway that doesn't involve taking a lot of COVID-19 precautions --or even leaving your couch, a new video game 'Discovery Tour: Viking Age' by the makers of the Assassin’s Creed series may be just the ticket - and it’s rated ‘G.' More Science and tech stories NFL awards a Montreal start-up $550,000 to work on its design for a safer football helmet Despite having no expertise in football helmets only two years ago, a Montreal start-up, KOLLIDE, has just scored big, winning a $550,000 grant from the National Football League (NFL) to advance its design of a new helmet they hope will ultimately help reduce the risk of concussions during games. Can dogs really detect cancer? A Montreal study aims to find out A joint study by the University of Montreal's Faculty of Veterinary Medicine and the Institut Curie in Paris will test whether dogs can really detect the smell of cancer or even COVID-19, as some experiments have suggested. Quebec company wants to commercialize a robot that harvests broccoli A Quebec company's development of a robot capable of picking broccoli is an example of the artificial intelligence projects the Legault government is supporting to become 'a leader in productivity' and reduce the negative impacts of the labour shortage. Two Quebec companies unveil new all-electric ambulances Two Quebec companies unveiled their first 100 per cent electric ambulance on Monday. With financial support from the federal and provincial governments, Lion Electric and Demers Ambulances worked together for the past five years to develop the Demers eFX ambulance. Has this Montreal video game company created the office of the future? While staff was working from home, Ludia video game company in Old Montreal took the opportunity to redesign its studios. Earth could become alien to humans by 2500, says team of scientists By the year 2500, the Earth could look totally different – the Amazon rainforest barren, the American Midwest tropical, and India too hot to live in – according to a study published by a team of international scientists. The Caisse invests in a cryptocurrency lender targeted by market authorities in the United States The Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec (CDPQ) has just participated in a US$400 million investment in Celsius Network, a cryptocurrency interest and lending platform in the crosshairs of U.S. market authorities. Removing massive amounts of fish (and their poop) has altered ocean chemistry: study McGill University Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences professor Eric Galbraith led a study that found that overfishing has altered the ocean's chemistry and may play a part in climate change. Montreal game designer launches Rainbow Billy featuring a non-binary lead character The Montreal gaming company Manavoid has designed a children’s video game featuring an 8-year-old non-binary lead character. States are funding cyberattacks on Quebec systems, says minister States are financing attacks against the computer systems of the Quebec government, said Minister for Government Digital Transformation Eric Caire on Friday. Tech Videos Are left-handed people given a bad rap? Tik Tok’s newest trend: chlorophyll water Canada: A cashless economy? What is the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System? Medical students launch new ‘SEXMED’ platform Fighting gender discrimination online Why don't our bodies decompose while alive? more sci/tech Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. CTVNewsMontreal.ca Top Stories Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Montrealers from different faiths and backgrounds gather to denounce hate crimes Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes The Halifax Regional Municipality's Emergency Management Division is closely monitoring the weather forecast as a series of low pressure systems make their way towards the Maritimes. Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up The day after his keynote address was met with multiple standing ovations, Premier Jason Kenney says he's feeling good about the way the UCP’s annual general meeting played out. Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. One man is dead and another is in critical condition after a fire at a restaurant in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert The City of Chilliwack says the breach in the Sumas River dike in Abbotsford has been repaired, and that it's able to lift an evacuation alert for Chilliwack residents near the Abbotsford border as a result. World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco About 80 people, some wearing ski masks and wielding crowbars, ransacked a high-end department store in the San Francisco Bay Area, assaulting employees and stealing merchandise before fleeing in cars waiting outside. Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Two onetime outsiders hailing from opposite extremes of the political spectrum received the most votes Sunday in Chile's presidential election but failed to garner enough support for an outright win, setting up what's likely to be a polarizing runoff in the region's most advanced economy. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki warned on Sunday that the migrant crisis on the Belarus border may be a prelude to 'something much worse.' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive A taxi driver injured when his passenger's homemade bomb exploded in Liverpool a week ago said it's a 'miracle' he is alive. Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Simu Liu hosted 'Saturday Night Live' for the first time over the weekend. Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 The actor Art LaFleur -- known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams' -- has died at the age of 78. Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees When it comes to her art, Adele has a certain way she likes things to be done. Following the release of her fourth album '30,' the shuffle button is no longer the default option for album listening on Spotify -- but rather listeners will hear the tracks in their listed order. Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll The British government is investigating whether built-in racial bias in some medical devices led to Black and Asian people getting sick and dying disproportionately from COVID-19. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Two months after the 2021 federal election, the 44th Parliament officially begins on Monday, a speech from the throne on Tuesday. The first few days will include a heavy dose of procedure, but also a series of key decisions. One big difference this time around is the vaccine mandate. How will it all work? Here's a rundown of some of the key elements involved in the opening of the new Parliament. Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Federal employment Minister Carla Qualtrough says British Columbians displaced or left jobless due to extreme flooding should immediately apply for employment insurance benefits - even if they wouldn't normally be eligible. Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Concern over the vaccination status of Conservative MPs was front and centre on the eve of a new session of Parliament after one of them tested positive for COVID-19. Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling WhatsApp is adding more details to its privacy policy and flagging that information for European users, after Irish regulators slapped the chat service with a record fine for breaching strict EU data privacy rules. Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Researchers have confirmed the presence of carbon dioxide ‘cold traps’ on the moon, an important discovery that is integral to potential long-term robot or human presence there, they say Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Cybersecurity company NordPass has published its list of the top 200 most common passwords in Canada and says too many Canadians are using passwords that can be easily guessed. Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise The steel industry is at a crossroads, with government policies like carbon pricing designed to combat climate change hitting manufacturers' bottom lines and international pledges likely to seek further concessions from companies that burn fossil fuels. Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Vietnamese workers who are helping build the first Chinese car tire factory in Europe say their passports have been taken by their employer and they are now stuck in a grim plainland in Serbia with no help from local authorities. Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tesla Inc chief Elon Musk said on Friday that the company's mobile application was coming back online after an app server outage earlier prevented many owners from connecting to their cars. Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America General Motors aims to tackle the global semiconductor shortage with new designs built in North America. Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study A new study has found that some tech tools made popular during the COVID-19 pandemic because of their ability to make remote work easier actually added stress and exacerbated the mental health toll on burnt-out moms trying to manage a household while working from home. Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai has taken part in a 30-minute video call from Beijing with IOC officials and told them she was safe and well, the Olympic body said on Sunday. Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Mackenzie Hughes of Dundas, Ont., closed with an 8-under 62 Sunday at the RSM Classic to finish in second place, three strokes behind winner Talor Gooch of the U.S. Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Tiger Woods posted a short video showing him hitting golf balls on a driving range on Sunday, nine months after the 15-time major champion suffered serious leg injuries that required surgery following a car crash in Southern California. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
