https://www.ctvnews.ca/business/scotiabank-ditches-resumes-for-campus-hiring-widening-candidate-pool-1.5675263
Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring program | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV News Close Search CTV News Close NEWS Coronavirus Canada Residential Schools World Entertainment Politics Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Business Weather 5 Things to Know Don Martin Blog Autos W5 Photo Galleries Newsletters VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 Pop Life LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Pop Life Schedule ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Business Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool TORONTO - Canadians eyeing internships, co-op placements and graduate positions at Scotiabank no longer have to polish up their resumes. The Toronto bank removed the requirement as part of its campus hiring program and has begun using assessments from Waterloo, Ont. technology company Plum to help find untapped talent and ease the barriers to employment among some population groups. "We are taking away any bias, which would be where did someone go to school, what jobs did they have before and what opportunities did they have or not have based on their upbringing or circumstances?" said James Spearing, Scotiabank's vice-president of talent acquisition. "(We're) removing as much of that possible and giving a level playing field." Scotiabank decided to abandon resumes in August as new waves of the COVID-19 pandemic emerged, further disrupting a tight labour market. The decision has already boosted the bank's number of hires for people of colour and increased its retention rates. Many companies have spent recent decades experimenting with innovative recruitment methods such as personality tests and application assignments and Scotiabank's move comes as Hisayuki (Deko) Idekoba, an executive at the parent company behind job websites Indeed and Glassdoor, urged companies this week to address worker shortages by abandoning resumes. However, few have been bold enough to ditch resumes altogether. "A lot of companies talk about it, not many actually do it," said Caitlin MacGregor, Plum's chief executive. "Scotiabank is leading the way." Plum, for example, is used by consulting behemoth Deloitte, carmaker Hyundai and even Canada's national defence department, but none fully dropped the resume requirement, MacGregor said. Spearing still sees the value in resumes and won't penalize applicants for including one because writing a CV can teach people to market themselves and review their skills, but he feels not requiring one widens Scotiabank's talent pool, creating a better chance that good candidates aren't overlooked. The bank started its no-resume experiment with roughly 1,000 student intern roles and 250 spots in co-op programs that it recruits for some 300 to 400 events per year, including coffee chats, business overview sessions, hackathons and sponsorships. Its new hiring processes has expanded to include the bank's recruiting team using Plum's platform to determine which requirements are most important for jobs they are looking to fill. Requirements range from the ability to come up with innovative solutions to how someone sets goals, monitors progress and executes projects. Applicants then complete a Plum assessment with problem solving, personality and situational questions targeting those requirements. Applicants receive information on their talents, work style and preferences, while recruiters see a "match score" indicating each candidate's potential fit with the role they are hiring for and other openings. The information is used to determine who to interview or hire. The approach helps businesses uncover talent in places outside their traditional networks and removes many false preconceptions recruiters form, said MacGregor. "We, as humans, are flawed and we misinterpret that data all the time," she said. "We think 'Oh, they took five years to study that so that must be because they're not very smart,' but maybe there are financial reasons for that or maybe they had to juggle part-time jobs as a way of paying for all of that and so it took them longer." Mitchell Hoffman, an associate professor at the Rotman School of Management, said such assessments often help companies compare candidates more fairly. "It could potentially reduce the importance of some sort of bias triggers like 'I like sports team X and this person has some connection to sports team X on their resume,"' he said. But assessments can also be lengthy -- Plum's takes about 25 minutes -- and sometimes software can have difficulties picking up on how transferable some skills are, he said. Scotiabank has used the software for about a year, but already seen benefits. In its inaugural year, the platform helped the bank recruit from 30 colleges and universities nationally and almost 50 per cent of hires now have STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, the Arts and Mathematics) degrees. Minorities now make up almost 60 per cent of recruits in the campus program and women represent about 50 per cent of hires. The program-wide retention rate has soared to 46 per cent from 26 per cent pre-launch. Spearing is proud of the results, but thinks it will take more time to see the real perks of the system and how hires brought in through the platform progress. "We still have work to do to show the longer term benefits." This report by The Canadian Press was first published Sunday, Nov. 21, 2021. MORE Business News Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help India police charge Amazon execs in alleged marijuana-smuggling case Price wars, budget options coming to Canada's airline market amid pandemic recovery China fines tech giants over anti-monopoly violations 'They're bloodsuckers': Montreal man says he lost nearly $400,000 in cryptocurrency scam Statistics Canada says retail sales fell 0.6 per cent in September to $56.6B Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
