https://www.ctvnews.ca/entertainment/simu-liu-made-his-hosting-debut-on-saturday-night-live-1.5675149
Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement ENTERTAINMENT Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Chloe Melas CNN Digital Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 10:06AM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: Simu Liu hosted "Saturday Night Live" for the first time over the weekend. The "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" star talked about being the Marvel superhero. "I am officially Marvel's first openly Chinese superhero," he laughed during his opening monologue. He added: "A lot of people ask me how I landed a role in a Marvel movie. The truth is, I got Shang-Chi how every Canadian gets their big break, by asking politely." KARAOKE ALL-STARS Liu took part in a karaoke segment where he played a guy who couldn't quite hit the high notes while singing at a bar. Then he took on the role of a "finance bro trying to get laid." REPUBLICAN OR NOT Game show contestants Liu and Ego Nwodim were given clues to try to identify which guests are Republicans. "I think Facebook is evil," the contestant said. Liu's character responded, saying, "Oh wow, because they're spreading disinformation or because they banned Donald Trump?" 911 CALL In this sketch, a group of professors smoke marijuana and get so high that they think they are dead. The professors take turns calling 911 with Liu's character telling the dispatcher, "My name is Alan and I am dead." He added, "Will you still be able to get here even though I'm not where time is?" THANKSGIVING BAKING CHAMPION In this sketch, they pretend to do a Food Network bake-off, and they're all making festive cakes for Thanksgiving. Liu plays Mike, an amateur baker and rapper. "My name is Mike, and I'm here to bake," he raps before trailing off. He makes two cakes and reveals that he baked them wrong. Let's just say the cakes don't look edible. RELATED IMAGES view larger image Actor Simu Liu attends the Canadian premiere of 'Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings' in Toronto on Wednesday, September 1, 2021. (THE CANADIAN PRESS/George Pimentel) Related Stories Canadian stars of 'Shang-Chi,' 'Free Guy' draw moviegoers as Cineplex reports loss Canada's Simu Liu to host SNL this month 'Shang-Chi' tops box office again with US$35.8 million Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Entertainment Stories Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees 'Tiger King' Joe Exotic moved to North Carolina facility 'Ghostbusters: Afterlife' captures US$44 million in theatres New record from Sharon, Lois and Bram offers a nostalgic look back Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
