https://london.ctvnews.ca/southwestern-ontario-army-reserves-training-to-respond-to-domestic-emergency-1.5674737
Southwestern Ontario Army Reserves Training to respond to domestic emergency | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV London Close LONDON Search CTV London Close News Latest News All News Weather Community Calendar Contests Photo Galleries London Attack Special Series Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg London Southwestern Ontario Army Reserves Training to respond to domestic emergency London, Ont. - As flood relief continues to arrive in British Columbia, soldiers in London, Ont. are training in the event they are needed for a disaster situation like the one in western Canada. The 31 Canadian Brigade Group (CBG) are reserve Army soldiers from southwestern Ontario, and are at Wolseley Barracks this weekend practicing 'Operation Trillium Dragon.' CBG is simulating a realistic domestic emergency."What we are exercising is our ability to respond to a natural disaster," said Lt. Col Alex Colic. "We have three headquarters in Ottawa, Toronto and London, and each one of our headquarters has been given a problem. We have approximately 100 staff working collaboratively going through the problem." These types of exercises are real-life training and should the flooding in British Columbia have happened close to home, hundreds of local soldiers would be called to duty. "We are here working through similar problems," said Colic. "It's most likely that if the operation in British Columbia continues for a longer period of time, there will be soldiers leaving from Ontario to support our fellow Canadians in British Columbia." The training is taking place inside London's brand new headquarters shelter system. "It's a modular structure, which allows us to operate a headquarters for a battalion out of it," says Cpt. Edmund Lam of the 31 CBG. "It's mobile so we're able to pick this up and move it but right now we have it deployed in London. In this tent system, we'll be doing a lot of the planning process for domestic operations and staging out of this area in London."The 31 Canadian Brigade Group practices emergency disaster relief in London, Ont. on Saturday Nov. 20. (Brent Lale / CTV News)This weekend's exercise is simulating the response to a Forest Fire in Northern Ontarioand what would happen if they need to evacuate a community to London. "I'm working with corporals and privates, to make sure all our computers, networking and printers are working so our officers can communicate with Toronto and Ottawa for command and control," said MCpl Navin Peter. "We run this exercise so we can help the local community, and our fellow Canadians with any disaster response." Should a disaster happen in Ontario, London could be a site where evacuated citizens are transferred. "So we're going through where are they how do we get them here?" says Colic. "Once they are here, what support are they going to need? What medical support? What infrastructure sustainment, food, water, etc. We're working through that whole problem to evacuate 200 individuals from the north. We hope we never have to do that. But by going through this type of planning process, if we were ever to need to do that, we'd be much better prepared." Soldiers in London this weekend say they do this type of training routinely, so they can respond quickly to Canadians in crisis just like in B.C. London Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen Pedestrian killed in Ingersoll, Ont. Barn destroyed by fire near Lucknow 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids 16 new COVID-19 cases being reported in Middlesex-London on Sunday Goderich and area welcomes Santa to town Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
