https://www.bbc.com/travel/article/20211118-spains-social-way-to-cool-off
Spain's social way to 'cool off' - BBC Travel Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC Account Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Arts Taster Local Three Menu Search Search the BBCSearch the BBC Search BBC Search BBC Menu Loading VideosÂ |Â Cultural Traditions Spain's social way to 'cool off' Share using Email Share on Twitter Share on FacebookShare on Linkedin (Image credit: Rafael Estefania) By Rafael Estefania19th November 2021 When the sun goes down in Algar, people gather outside on old chairs to catch up with friends and relatives. Now, they are hoping to have their tradition recognised by Unesco. W When the sun goes in the Spanish town of Algar, people gather on chairs outside their doorsteps to catch up with friends and relatives. In the past, people would enjoy these "alfresco chats" after a long day of working in the fields to cool off on hot evenings since they didn't have air-conditioning. These gatherings became a tradition, and many townspeople would use the same chairs for years, some of which are now more than 50 years old. Spain's alfresco chat tradition In recent years, the tradition has been waning as people have become increasingly absorbed by social media and have stayed home due to the pandemic. Hoping to share more quality time, recover their roots and ultimately have the outdoor gatherings recognized by Unesco, many are encouraging others to return to the streets and get back to socialising in person again. ---Â Join more than three million BBC Travel fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter and Instagram. If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter called "The Essential List". A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Culture, Worklife and Travel, delivered to your inbox every Friday.Â Share using Email Share on Twitter Share on FacebookShare on Linkedin Share Around the BBC Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Arts Taster Local Three Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised NewslettersCopyright © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
