https://barrie.ctvnews.ca/special-weekend-barrie-city-council-meeting-focused-on-cutting-costs-1.5674859
Special weekend Barrie city council meeting focused on cutting costs | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Barrie Close BARRIE Search CTV Barrie Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Photo Galleries Contests Around the Region Simcoe - Muskoka COVID-19 Updates Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at Eleven About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Barrie Special weekend Barrie city council meeting focused on cutting costs BARRIE, ONT. - Barrie city councillors gathered for a special Saturday meeting to discuss ways to curb the city's spending over the coming decade. Councillors recently received long-term financial projections detailing what the city would have to spend to complete all of the projects on the table. "When we received that forecast, the number was very, very large, about an $8-billion capital plan over the next 20 years," says Mayor Lehman. "To be frank, council can't afford, or the city can't afford that unless we were to raise taxes substantially, and we don't want to do that." So councillors gathered in person Saturday, voting to defer approximately $260-million from that $8-billion capital plan in planned spending. While it only equates to 3 per cent, the mayor says it is large enough to impact the bottom line. "That 3 per cent makes a surprising difference because by pushing things and doing them more slowly we can afford to pay for more of them with the existing revenue that the city receives; that means less debt, it means lower tax increases in the future," says the mayor. The mayor says the decision on the table today was deferring projects that, while wanted, are not necessarily deemed as essential right now. This includes delaying road-widening due to slower than anticipated growth in the population and pushing back planned construction of a new recreation centre. "You always want to do more," says Lehman. "What you have to make sure is that you absolutely don't delay the ones that must be done, and then you can get into can we do a good job of doing the things that we should." Council is next set to pour over the 2022 budget, with the ratification expected in early December. Barrie Top Stories Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser OPP search for suspects after Thursday shoplifting incident in Gravenhurst Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch New AED installed in Oro-Medonte Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
