https://northernontario.ctvnews.ca/suspect-crossed-quebec-border-fleeing-police-arrested-by-opp-in-temiskaming-shores-1.5673774
Suspect crossed Quebec border fleeing police, arrested in northern Ontario | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Northern Ontario Close NORTHERN ONTARIO Search CTV Northern Ontario Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Northern COVID-19 News Northern Mining News Northern Federal Election Coverage Around the Region North Bay News Sault Ste. Marie News Sudbury News Timmins News Video Latest All Video CTV News Live OHL FILE Online Exclusive Video Help Northern Ontario Features Along for the Ride with CAA Ask An Expert Community Futures Northeastern Ontario Explore the Outdoors Fields to Forks Gardening Northern Artists Perform Pet Care Volunteer of the Month Shows News Programs CTV news at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Instagram Twitter Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Northern Ontario Suspect crossed Quebec border fleeing police, arrested by OPP in Temiskaming Shores A 24-year-old resident of Notre-Dame-du-Nord, Que., has been charged after leading Quebec police on a chase that ended in Temiskaming Shores. (File) Sudbury - A 24-year-old resident of Notre-Dame-du-Nord, Que., has been charged after leading Quebec police on a chase that ended in Temiskaming Shores. The incident took place Nov. 18, when Ontario Provincial Police in the area were alerted that the Sûreté du Quebec were pursuing someone in a stolen vehicle on Highway 65 East, and was heading toward Temiskaming Shores. They found the vehicle in a private driveway on Highway 65, but the suspect collided with an OPP police cruiser and fled west. "OPP then located the vehicle on Vahey Road where the driver fled from police in a treed area," police said. "A short time after, the fleeing vehicle struck a shrub and lost control of the vehicle near a residence on Robert Street. The driver fled the scene on foot." Police contained the area and began a search with specialized units, including the K9 unit. The driver was found on Pine Avenue East and arrested. "Further investigation revealed that the driver had been consuming alcoholic beverages and had allegedly stolen the vehicle from Quebec," police said. The accused is charged with numerous offences, including fleeing from police, dangerous driving, impaired driving, possession of stolen property, violating probation, driving while suspended and assaulting police. No injuries were sustained as a result of the incident, police said, and the vehicle was towed from the scene. The accused was held for a bail hearing, and is scheduled to appear at the Ontario Court of Justice at a later date in Temiskaming Shores. Top Stories Winter conditions close multiple major highways and several weather alerts issued Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Potential public exposures to COVID-19 reported on Temiskaming Transit routes PHU declares COVID-19 outbreak at Pope Francis Elementary School in Timmins Rooster among record number of animals at Sault Ste. Marie Humane Society Sudbury’s Salvation Army launches 'Christmas Kettle' campaign Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
