https://www.ctvnews.ca/world/police-some-fatalities-when-suv-hits-wisconsin-christmas-parade-1.5675598
SUV plows into Wis. Christmas parade, 20 injured | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON WORLD Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Scott Bauer and Mike Householder The Associated Press Staff Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 7:27PM EST Last Updated Sunday, November 21, 2021 7:27PM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: WAUKESHA, WIS. -- The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were "some fatalities" when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Chief Dan Thompson said more than 20 people were injured Sunday. Thompson said he doesn't have an exact number of fatalities. He said a "person of interest" is in custody. A live video feed of the parade from the city of Waukesha, as well as videos taken by parade attendees, showed a red SUV breaking through barriers and speeding into the roadway where the parade was taking place. THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE. AP's earlier story follows below. WAUKESHA, Wis. (AP) -- An SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, injuring more than 20 people, the city's police chief said. Those injured appeared to include children, members of a marching band and a dance troupe, according to witnesses and videos of the incident posted online. Chief Dan Thompson said the investigation was ongoing, but that a "suspect vehicle" was recovered. Some of the injured were taken by police to hospitals, and others were taken by family members, Thompson said. "We have a person of interest that we are looking into at this time," Thompson said. It wasn't clear if the person was in custody; Thompson deferred questions until a later briefing. Mayor Shawn Reilly told WITI in Milwaukee that he did not believe there was any current danger to the public. Police in Waukesha, located about 20 miles west of Milwaukee, were urging people to avoid the downtown area. A live video feed of the parade from the city of Waukesha, as well as videos taken by parade attendees, showed a red SUV breaking through barriers and speeding into the roadway where the parade was taking place. A video taken along the parade route showed a group of what appeared to be teenage girls dancing with white pompoms and wearing Santa hats. The SUV plows into the group as the person filming shouts, "Oh my God!" over and over. The video shows people tending to at least one of the girls on the ground. Another video shows the SUV striking what appears to be members of a marching band and several others along the parade route before driving on. The sound of the marching band heard before the SUV approaches is replaced by screams. Corey Montiho, a Waukesha school district board member, told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that his daughter's dance team was hit by the SUV. "They were pom-poms and shoes and spilled hot chocolate everywhere. I had to go from one crumpled body to the other to find my daughter," he said. "My wife and two daughters were almost hit. Please pray for everybody. Please pray." Angelito Tenorio, a West Allis alderman who is running for Wisconsin state treasurer, told The Associated Press that he was watching the parade with his family when they saw the SUV come speeding into the area. "Then we heard a loud bang," Tenorio said. "And after that, we just heard deafening cries and screams from the crowd, from the people at the parade. And people started rushing, running away with tears in their eyes crying." Tenorio said he saw about 10 people, children and adults, on the ground who appeared to have been hit by the vehicle. "It just happened so fast," he said. "It was pretty horrifying." Gov. Tony Evers said he and his wife, Kathy, were "praying for Waukesha tonight and all the kids, families, and community members affected by this senseless act." Waukesha County Executive Paul Farrow, who was at the parade but left just before the incident, called it "an unspeakable tragedy, affecting us all as we work to overcome an extremely challenging two years and resume our cherished holiday traditions." The parade is sponsored by the city's Chamber of Commerce. This year's edition was the 59th of the event that's held each year the Sunday before Thanksgiving. Waukesha is a western suburb of Milwaukee, and about 55 miles north of Kenosha, where Kyle Rittenhouse was acquitted Friday of charges stemming from the shooting of three men during unrest in that city in August 2020. ------ Bauer reported from Madison, Wis. RELATED IMAGES view larger image An SUV sped into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, leaving multiple people injured, according to the city's mayor and witnesses. (City of Waukesha/Facebook/CNN) Waukesha is seen in this map. (Google Maps) Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Stories from World BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Most-Watched false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 The Climate Barometer Sign up for our weekly email newsletter delving into climate science and life on a changing planet. Canada's Most Trusted News. Download the CTV News app now. Most-Read Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
