https://barrie.ctvnews.ca/teenager-shot-and-killed-in-southeast-barrie-neighbourhood-friday-1.5674273
Teenager shot and killed in southeast Barrie neighbourhood Friday | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Barrie Close BARRIE Search CTV Barrie Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Photo Galleries Contests Around the Region Simcoe - Muskoka COVID-19 Updates Video Latest All Video Around Ontario CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at Eleven About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Barrie Teenager shot and killed in southeast Barrie neighbourhood Friday BARRIE, ONT. - Barrie Police tell CTV News a 17-year-old male was shot and killed in an incident Friday evening in the southeast part of the city. According to police, officers were called to the area of Hurst Drive and Golden Meadow Road around 6 p.m. Friday. A portion of River Ridge Road was taped off as police conducted their investigation inside and around a home. Six neighbours told CTV News that they heard about 10 gunshots come from that property Friday night. "I had no words; I was just freaking out and panicking," said Brayden Uluqsi, who lives next door to the apparent homicide. He says sometime between 6:00 to 6:30 p.m., he was in the basement playing video games when he heard running and commotion upstairs. "My friends came down and said 'don't go outside,' and I said 'why?' They said 'they're shooting' so I went upstairs, and I saw everyone freaking out," said Uluqsi. Uluqsi moved to Barrie 2.5 months ago from Nunavut to play junior hockey. Never did he imagine that there would be a shooting steps from his door. "This is the first time I've experienced this, and I was pretty scared," said Uluqsi from outside the police tape. CTV News spoke to dozens of area residents on Saturday about the shooting—each of them requesting to stay anonymous— because they feared the repercussions. Due to the heightened fear in the area, CTV News attempted several times to ask police if a suspect or suspects had been identified, arrested or remain at large. Police did not respond but did post a video on YouTube. "At the present time, Barrie police believe strongly that this is an isolated incident and that there is no immediate risk to the public or their safety," police said in the video. Barrie police say they will provide updates where and when the investigation permits. They are asking the public to come forward with any information about Friday night's shooting. Barrie Top Stories Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Innisfil and Bradford councillors competing in Movember fundraiser OPP search for suspects after Thursday shoplifting incident in Gravenhurst Fill a Purse for a Sister Campaign enters its final stretch New AED installed in Oro-Medonte Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
