https://www.ctvnews.ca/sports/tensions-boil-in-qatar-between-mercedes-and-red-bull-1.5673307
Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV News Close Search CTV News Close NEWS Coronavirus Canada Residential Schools World Entertainment Politics Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Business Weather 5 Things to Know Don Martin Blog Autos W5 Photo Galleries Newsletters VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 Pop Life LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Pop Life Schedule ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Sports Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull Red Bull driver Max Verstappen, left, and Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton on the podium after the Formula One Mexico Grand Prix, on Nov. 7, 2021. (Eduardo Verdugo / AP) LOSAIL, Qatar - The most dramatic Formula One title fight in at least a decade further intensified Friday when Christian Horner and Toto Wolff traded barbs at the same time the FIA denied Mercedes' right to appeal last week's non-penalty on championship leader Max Verstappen. Wolff, the head of Mercedes, and Red Bull principle Horner sat side-by-side during a tense 30-minute media briefing that displayed the full animosity between the two teams. "It's the world championship of the highest category in motor racing," Wolff said, "and what started as Olympic boxing went to pro boxing and is now MMA. Elbows are allowed now because the rules say so, and the gloves are off. Nothing else is to be expected." F1 moved this week to Losail for the inaugural Qatar Grand Prix with the results of last week's race still hanging over the championship fight. Lewis Hamilton earned his 101st victory at the Brazilian GP to cut his deficit to Verstappen to only 14 points with three races remaining. Mercedes protested the decision not to penalize Verstappen in Sao Paulo when the Red Bull driver ran Hamilton wide off course as the seven-time champion attempted a pass for the lead. The FIA heard the appeal on Thursday and then denied the Mercedes request as Horner and Wolff were in the middle of Friday's briefing. Horner shrugged off Wolff, declaring "there is no relationship" between the two. He also suggested the Mercedes team might be cracking as Red Bull attempts to end its reign at the top of the series. "I think it's the first time they've been challenged. It's interesting to see how people react under pressure, how they react when they are challenged," Horner said. "It's by far the most intense political title fight we've been involved in in this sport." No relationship is one thing. But respect? Horner said he appreciates what Mercedes has accomplished. Same for Hamilton, who can pass Michael Schumacher with a record eight championships if he can catch Verstappen over the next three races. "But I don't need to go to dinner with Toto. I don't need to kiss his (butt) or anything like that. There's a few other team principles that might," Horner said. "Toto and I are very different characters and we operate in very different ways. Am I going to be spending Christmas with Toto? Probably not." Is there any chance at all for peace between the warring teams? Wolff thinks not. "I think the competition is just too high," Wolff said. "You cannot expect that you're going to dinner with your rival or with a rival team or your enemy in sporting competition, irrespective of personalities and the characters." On the track, meanwhile, Verstappen topped the first practice session and seemed quite comfortable on the on the 5.4-kilometre (3.5-mile) circuit. Mercedes driver Valterri Bottas was fastest in second practice. Hamilton was fourth in both sessions. Verstappen has won a career-high nine races this season to put Hamilton on the ropes for the first time since 2016, when then-teammate Nico Rosberg edged him by five points to win the title. Hamilton has won four consecutive championships since losing to Rosberg. Mercedes and Red Bull have been sparring all season -- a collision between the drivers on the first lap of the British Grand Prix sent Verstappen to the hospital, and a crash between the two at Monza led to Verstappen's car landing on top of Hamilton's head. But it reached another level in Brazil. Mercedes was found to have an illegal wing on Hamilton's car, and Verstappen was caught on video taken from the grandstands illegally touching the part after practice. The drama built all weekend and when Verstappen wasn't penalized for running Hamilton wide, Mercedes erupted. Even though Hamilton won the race, Mercedes protested the no-call in hopes that Verstappen would be retroactively penalized. If the protest had been successful, Verstappen would have been given a time penalty that would have dropped him from second to third at the Brazilian GP and further tightened the title race. Wolff said the ruling was "completely expected." "We wanted to trigger discussion around it because it probably will be a theme," Wolff said. "We didn't think it would go any further." Horner called it the right decision. "Otherwise, it would have opened a Pandora's box regarding a whole bunch of other incidents that happened in that race," Horner said. "I think the most important thing now is to focus on this Grand Prix. We want a good, clean, fair fight." MORE SPORTS NEWS IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Manchester United sack manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer A sign for '22: Zverev dominates to claim ATP Finals trophy Slovakian skier Vlhova beats Shiffrin for the second time in two days Hamilton wins in Qatar, slices into Verstappen points lead WTA chief says new video of Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai 'insufficient' to assure her safety Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
