https://www.ctvnews.ca/world/the-original-gerber-baby-is-celebrating-her-95th-birthday-1.5674756
The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement WORLD The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday David Williams CNN Digital Contact Published Saturday, November 20, 2021 5:22PM EST Ann Turner Cook holds a picture of the Gerber Baby sketch in a 1998 photo. Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. (Gerber Products/AP) Share: Reddit Share Text: Original Gerber Baby Ann Turner Cook, whose famous face has been printed on countless products over generations, is celebrating her 95th birthday. "A very happy birthday to the original Gerber baby, Ann Turner Cook!" the company posted Saturday on its social media pages. Cook has been the face of the company since 1928, when her neighbor Dorothy Hope Smith entered a charcoal sketch of the baby into a contest for an advertising campaign, according to the company website. The artist said she would finish the portrait if she won, but Gerber decided to use it as is. The sketch was so popular that Gerber made the chubby-cheeked tot its official trademark in 1931. "Since then, the Gerber Baby has appeared on all Gerber packaging and in every Gerber advertisement," the company said on its website. Gerber is best known for its baby foods and formulas, but it also sells children's wear, life insurance and other products. The Gerber Baby's identity was kept a secret until 1978 and the company said that over the years people speculated that it might have been a sketch of Humphrey Bogart, Elizabeth Taylor, Sen. Bob Dole and Jane Seymour. Cook became an English teacher when she grew up and wrote a series of mystery novels after she retired. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Gerber (@gerber) Related Stories Vaccine superheroes: Experts impressed with communications that target children New record from Sharon, Lois and Bram offers a nostalgic look back Three-year-old Dylan Ehler disappeared in seconds. His family wants changes to the missing child alert system Feds have no plans to extend vaccine mandate to kids: Duclos Parents react to approval of COVID-19 vaccine for children aged five to 11 in Canada Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Stories from World Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement Most-Watched false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 The Climate Barometer Sign up for our weekly email newsletter delving into climate science and life on a changing planet. Canada's Most Trusted News. Download the CTV News app now. Most-Read Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
