https://www.facebook.com/DocProjectCBC/
The Doc Project - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press alt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Posts About Videos Photos Community See more of The Doc Project on Facebook Log In orCreate new account See more of The Doc Project on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate new account Not now CommunitySee All 4,077 people like this 4,325 people follow this AboutSee All Contact The Doc Project on Messenger cbc.ca/docproject News & Media Website Page TransparencySee more Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - August 6, 2015 People 4,077 likes Pages Liked by This Page CBC Docs Hindenburg News CBC CBC Podcasts Georgian College CBC Arts Queer Yukon Realwheels Related Pages CBC's Out in the Open Media/News Company CBC Podcast Playlist Broadcasting & Media Production Company Sleepover Podcast Alone: A Love Story Podcast The Imposter Website Radiodoc Review Media/News Company Martha's Red Barn Pottery Artist BCCDC Personal Blog Crash Blossom Beverages Food & Beverage North Central Co-op (Legal Cardlock) Gas Station Radio Atlas Radio Station CBC Tapestry with Mary Hynes Media/News Company Magpie Brûlé Personal Blog Laugh out Loud on CBC Radio Comedian Cornerstone Baptist Church - Winnipeg Baptist Church White Coat, Black Art on CBC Radio Radio Station CBC Radio: Unreserved Website The Sunday Magazine Public Figure CBC Podcasts Website CBC's q Radio Station PagesOtherBrandWebsiteNews & Media WebsiteThe Doc Project English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Meta © 2021 Posts The Doc Project 8 hrs · In 2018, a torrent of mud and trees pushed Sheri Niemegeers and Gabe Rosescu's car over a cliff. Niemegeers describes the accident as "almost identical" to the tragic landslide last week in B.C. Sheri Niemegeers and her boyfriend, Gabe Rosescu, were hit by a mudslide on a B.C. highway in 2018. As they watch coverage of the recent mudslides in B.C. they're feeling empathy for those affected. cbc.ca B.C. mudslides stir up harrowing memories for Prairie couple who survived one | CBC Radio Sheri Niemegeers and her boyfriend, Gabe Rosescu, were hit by a mudslide on a B.C. highway in 2018. As they watch coverage of the recent mudslides in B.C. they're feeling empathy for those affected. Sheri Niemegeers and her boyfriend, Gabe Rosescu, were hit by a mudslide on a B.C. highway in 2018. As they watch coverage of the recent mudslides in B.C. they're feeling empathy for those affected. The Doc Project 9 hrs · Hey everyone! Thanks to all of you who reached out to ask why we're not on the radio right now! We're airing a special episode TODAY at 12:30 pm. Given the situation in B.C. over the past week, What on Earth has taken over our slot today only for a one-hour special.Hey everyone! Thanks to all of you who reached out to ask why we're not on the radio right now! We're airing a special episode TODAY at 12:30 pm. Given the situation in B.C. over the past week, What on Earth has taken over our slot today only for a one-hour special. See All Videos Frances Atwell's lost music 4 2 My Mom Keeps Cleaning my Apartment How aphantasia affects emotional memory 4 See All Photos See All See More
