https://northernontario.ctvnews.ca/timmins-police-concerned-by-the-number-of-people-who-don-t-remain-at-collision-scenes-1.5674064
Timmins Police concerned by the number of people who don't remain at collision scenes | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Northern Ontario Close NORTHERN ONTARIO Search CTV Northern Ontario Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Northern COVID-19 News Northern Mining News Northern Federal Election Coverage Around the Region North Bay News Sault Ste. Marie News Sudbury News Timmins News Video Latest All Video CTV News Live OHL FILE Online Exclusive Video Help Northern Ontario Features Along for the Ride with CAA Ask An Expert Community Futures Northeastern Ontario Explore the Outdoors Fields to Forks Gardening Northern Artists Perform Pet Care Volunteer of the Month Shows News Programs CTV news at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Instagram Twitter Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Northern Ontario Timmins Police concerned by the number of people who don't remain at collision scenes One of the busiest intersections in Timmins is Algonquin Boulevard and Brunette Road. Timmins Police said the use of cameras at intersections helps them investigate what causes collisions. (Lydia Chubak/CTV News) Timmins - Timmins police officials are noticing an increase in the number of drivers who flee a motor vehicle collision scene. They said between Jan. 1 and Sept. 30, there were 617 motor vehicle collisions in the city and in those, 73 drivers failed to remain at the scene. “At our board (meeting) we posed a question to senior command ... is this somehow related to people avoiding insurance complications? Do people have insurance?" said Rob Knox, chair of the Timmins police services board. Police also said in nine collisions involving pedestrians, six drivers fled the scene. “It’s more the driver at fault than the pedestrian in most cases," said Marc Depatie, communications co-ordinator for the Timmins Police Service, when it comes to vehicle/pedestrian collisions. "We’re doing everything we can to address this problem. We need the motoring public to step up their game." Police said the peak time for collisions is during the week: Monday to Friday, between 2-4 p.m. Top Stories Winter conditions close multiple major highways and several weather alerts issued Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Potential public exposures to COVID-19 reported on Temiskaming Transit routes PHU declares COVID-19 outbreak at Pope Francis Elementary School in Timmins Rooster among record number of animals at Sault Ste. Marie Humane Society Sudbury’s Salvation Army launches 'Christmas Kettle' campaign Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
