https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/local-weather
Toronto Weather | Toronto and GTA Forecasts and Current Conditions | CTV News Toronto Skip to main content Live Search CTV Toronto Close TORONTO Search CTV Toronto Close News Latest News All News Vaccines Weather Queen's Park Consumer Alert Traffic Toy Mountain Video Latest All Video Consumer Alert Health CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Toronto Weather | Toronto and GTA Forecasts and Current Conditions | CTV News Toronto CTV News Toronto Top Stories Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs About 100 people gathered along Toronto's rail lines on Sunday in support of the Wet’suwet’en hereditary chiefs fighting against the construction of a pipeline through their territory following multiple arrests in northern B.C. Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Health officials in Ontario reported another 741 cases of COVID-19 on Sunday as well as three more deaths related to the disease. Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says The city is asking residents to avoid a park in North York after a coyote attacked and bit two people Sunday afternoon. Ontario PCs breaking election promise to restore auditor general's ad oversight power Ontario's Progressive Conservative government is breaking an election promise to restore the auditor general's powers over government advertising. The TTC is changing a number of routes due to staffing shortages. Here's what you need to know More than 50 bus routes in Toronto, as well as the Bloor-Danforth subway line, will be impacted by service changes starting Monday as a result of staffing shortages caused by the TTC's COVID-19 vaccine mandate. Charges laid in arson near Liberty Village encampment A suspect has been arrested in connection with an arson near a homeless encampment in Liberty Village on Friday night. Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. One man is dead and another is in critical condition after a fire at a restaurant in St. Catharines, Ont. 2 men sought in attempted abduction of missing child in Toronto Toronto police are searching for two suspects in connection with an attempted abduction of a missing child over the weekend. Ontario ticket holder wins Saturday's $7.5 million Lotto 649 jackpot A ticket holder in Ontario won Saturday's $7.5 million Lotto 649 jackpot. CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade The police chief in Waukesha, Wisconsin, says there were 'some fatalities' when an SUV sped into Christmas parade. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 London BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen Northern Ontario Winter conditions close multiple major highways and several weather alerts issued Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Kitchener 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Ottawa Phase 2 LRT construction creating accessibility issues for Carlingwood residents Sixteen Ottawa elementary schools have COVID-19 outbreaks OPH reports 55 new COVID-19 cases, 1 new hospitalization, 0 new deaths Windsor BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade 'I’m just thankful I’m alive': Harrow woman ready to return home after ATV crash $100K attic fire in Windsor, Ont. Barrie Three people arrested in connection to fatal Barrie shooting Christmas tree season begins as experts say demand continues to outpace supply Communities across central Ontario reinvent Santa Claus Parades for 2021 Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Winnipeg Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Vancouver Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World BREAKING BREAKING | Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
