https://www.ctvnews.ca/politics/tory-vaccination-status-in-spotlight-after-mp-tests-positive-on-eve-of-new-parliament-1.5675274
Tory vaccination status in spotlight as Parliament returns | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON POLITICS Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Joan Bryden The Canadian Press Staff Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 1:14PM EST Last Updated Sunday, November 21, 2021 3:48PM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: OTTAWA -- Concern over the vaccination status of Conservative MPs was front and centre on the eve of a new session of Parliament after one of them tested positive for COVID-19. Quebec MP Richard Lehoux's diagnosis added urgency to the push by Liberals and New Democrats to continue with a hybrid format in the House of Commons, which would give MPs the option of participating in proceedings virtually. And it prompted government House leader Mark Holland to suggest Sunday that the Commons needs to adopt a system for verifying the validity of medical exemptions claimed by an unknown number of Conservative MPs. Conservative Leader Erin O'Toole has said he and all his 118 MPs will be in the House when it returns Monday, either because they're fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or because they have a medical exemption. He has repeatedly refused to say how many are not fully immunized. Capital Dispatch: Stay up to date on the latest news from Parliament Hill But that was before Lehoux tested positive for the virus on Saturday, despite being fully vaccinated. Conservative spokeswoman Josie Sabatino confirmed that Lehoux's diagnosis came two days after he'd attended an in-person caucus retreat on Wednesday and Thursday. She would not say how many unvaccinated Conservative MPs may now be required to self-isolate as a result of being in close contact with him. She would say only that "all MPs will abide by all public health guidelines." She provided a link to Ottawa public health rules, which specify that anyone who is not fully vaccinated and who is exposed to someone who tests positive "MUST self-isolate." "Do NOT return to daycare/school/work in-person," the guidelines read. People who are fully vaccinated do not have to self-isolate and may go to work in person, wearing a mask and keeping physical distance from others, according to the guidelines. Despite the fact that Lehoux and potentially other Conservative MPs will not be able to immediately participate in parliamentary proceedings, Sabatino said the party remains adamant that the Commons should fully resume normal operations -- without the hybrid format. While O'Toole personally supports vaccination, he has struggled to accommodate Conservative MPs who object in principle to vaccine mandates and having to disclose their personal health choices. Some of his MPs have also questioned the efficacy of vaccines. O'Toole has said his party intends to challenge a rule imposed by the board of internal economy, the all-party governing body of the House of Commons, requiring anyone entering the Commons precinct to be fully vaccinated. Given the Conservatives' mixed views on vaccination, Holland suggested the party can't be trusted to police its MPs who claim a medical exemption. "I'm deeply uncomfortable with their circumstance," Holland said in an interview Sunday. He said public health experts estimate that one to five people out of 100,000 would have valid medical reasons not to get vaccinated. Thus, he said it's hard to believe there would be multiple Conservatives out of a group of just 119 MPs who would have legitimate exemptions. That would be "the equivalent of winning the Lotto 6/49 six times. It just is statistically utterly improbable," he said. Consequently, Holland said he wants the House to "create a system where those (exemptions) are challenged and verified, for the safety of everybody involved." The Liberals initially said one of their MPs had a medical exemption but that person has since been fully vaccinated, as have all other Liberal, NDP, Bloc Quebecois and Green MPs. The Liberals, NDP and Greens support continuation of hybrid sittings, while the Conservatives and Bloc are opposed. Without unanimous consent, the House will have to open with only in-person proceedings until a motion can be passed later in the week to resume the hybrid format. Lehoux's diagnosis "makes it even more essential to use hybrid tools to protect employees and the public," NDP House leader Peter Julian said in an interview. "The tragic death of Sen. (Josee) Forest-Niesing underscores that as well." Forest-Niesing died Saturday from complications due to COVID-19. She had been doubly vaccinated but was particularly vulnerable to the virus due to an autoimmune disorder affecting her lungs. Hybrid sittings are not simply a matter of protecting MPs, their staff, employees of the Commons and journalists, Julian added. They're also about protecting the public. "The fact that you've got 338 MPs coming together from across the country, some in COVID hotspots, some where there's lower risk ... if there's any transmission at all and then we go back to our home regions, we could see the virus transmitted from a hotspot to an area where COVID is not a factor." Holland said "all of this just speaks to the imperative of having a hybrid system." He noted that Lehoux and potentially other Conservative MPs have to be quarantined and will thus be "disenfranchised" if they can't participate virtually. "It makes no sense to me that the Conservatives would oppose something that would enable their own members to represent their constituents," Holland said. He added that he fears symptomatic MPs who know they'll miss important votes, debates or committee meetings if they test positive will feel pressure to show up in the Commons anyway. Monday's proceedings will be taken up with the election of a new Speaker. MPs must be in the House in order to vote. Tuesday will be devoted to a throne speech, to be read by Governor General Mary Simon in the Senate chamber. Normally, all MPs stand at the bar of the Senate to hear the speech but Holland said all parties have agreed due to the pandemic to send only two representatives each -- House leader and whip -- to the ceremony. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 21, 2021 RELATED IMAGES view larger image Pages makes preparations in The House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Friday, Nov. 19, 2021. (THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick) Related Stories Conservative MP Richard Lehoux tests positive for COVID-19, party says Conservative senators defy O'Toole on expulsion of senator who challenged leadership Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News Read More Politics News Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sen. Josee Forest-Niesing, 56, dies after battling COVID-19 and autoimmune condition Conservative MP Richard Lehoux tests positive for COVID-19, party says Feds have no plans to extend vaccine mandate to kids: Duclos Watch More Politics Stories false B.C. farmers work to care for animals left behind Air Date: November 19, 2021 false Dr. Sharma explains vaccine intervals for kids Air Date: November 19, 2021 false 2.9M doses of vaccine for children incoming Air Date: November 19, 2021 false PCR tests no longer needed for short trips: feds Air Date: November 19, 2021 false PCR testing talks 'direct, yet diplomatic' Air Date: November 18, 2021 false Trudeau speaks at opening of leaders summit Air Date: November 18, 2021 Advertisement NEED TO KNOW Cabinet building Full list and analysis of Justin Trudeau's 2021 Liberal cabinet Election 2021 results Track every election result in our interactive map Election in 6 charts Visualizations to help you understand the 2021 federal election Campaign pledges Here's what Trudeau's Liberals have promised for their third term Subscribe to our election alerts. Download the CTV News app now. DIVE DEEPER A politics newsletter Stay on top of what's happening on the Hill with Rachel Aiello's updates on the minority Parliament when it's in session. A weekly column Don Martin, the former host of CTV News Channel's Power Play posts his take on the federal politics issues of the day. An analysis on the numbers CTV News official pollster Nik Nanos gives you the latest political, business and social trends. LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
