https://calgary.ctvnews.ca/southern-alberta-councillor-sanctioned-for-strange-behaviour-during-swearing-in-1.5672440
Town of Taber cannot confirm or deny councillor was drunk at swearing in ceremony | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Calgary Close CALGARY Search CTV Calgary Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Lethbridge Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Calgary Southern Alberta councillor sanctioned for strange behaviour during swearing-in Three-time Taber councillor Jack Brewin (right) misspoke a number of times during his swearing-in ceremony, prompting concern among his colleagues. (Supplied) CALGARY - A councillor with the southern Alberta community of Taber has been sanctioned after his odd demeanour during his swearing in. Jack Brewin, who was elected to a third term as councillor, was recorded slurring his speech during the ceremony. Concerned about his behaviour, Brewin's colleagues brought up the issue during the town's first council meeting, which eventually led to a special meeting earlier this week. That's where council made a motion to sanction him and request that he submit a written apology to council, the public and the mayor by Nov. 22. The matter led to a special meeting and a sanction against Brewin, but the details of what happened aren't fully clear. (Supplied) Officials aren't sure if Brewin was – or wasn't – intoxicated at the ceremony. "I can't speak to that to say whatever's involved in that side of things," said Taber Mayor Andrew Prokop. "Council found it was appropriate to go with the sanction format that came out in the public motion on Monday." Further details are expected to be released once Brewin submits his formal apology. Calgary Top Stories Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Ethiopian-Canadians rally outside U.S. consulate in Calgary Calgary's Filipino community to gather in support of presidential candidate 1 injured in southwest Calgary house fire Certain white sesame seed and pistachio products recalled for potential Salmonella contamination 'Sign of the strength': Kenney talks about future of the Alberta UCP Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
