https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-devon-59358794
Trains restart on Dartmoor rail line after 49 years - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture MenuMore Search Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories More Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads England Regions Devon Trains restart on Dartmoor rail line after 49 years Published 1 day ago Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing Related Topics Beeching cuts Image source, Network Rail Image caption, GWR bosses said the first train into Okehampton had a "very smooth journey" Regular train services have returned to the Dartmoor line in Devon for the first time in 49 years. Great Western Railway (GWR) trains is operating the route between Okehampton and Exeter as part of a government scheme to restore abandoned lines. GWR is initially running trains every two hours with plans to increase it to hourly services in 2022. Since 1997, the line has only been open on some summer Sundays after regular services stopped in 1972. Image caption, A brass band at Okehampton station marked the reopening of the line Image source, Hamish Marshall Image caption, Boards in Exeter displayed the new regular route on Saturday morning GWR regional director Matthew Barnes said the first train into Okehampton, which he was on, had a "very smooth journey". "The track is in fantastic condition, and it was really, really lovely to carry people up here," he said. Paul Vodden, from the Dartmoor Railway Association, said: "For the local area, for the leisure industry, it's a big, big thing down here." At the scene By John Maguire, BBC News There was a huge amount of excitement here in Okehampton, on a line built 150 years ago. The first train ran on Saturday morning. It was absolutely packed, there was a band and there were singers on the platform. I've never seen somebody come off a train and fist-pump the air - that's the level of excitement that there is around the service. From here to London, a journey will take about three hours. Try and do that in a car, it'll take more than four. It will be a huge boost, not only to the local economy, but to local people, and for what is a very historic line. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps travelled on a special rail service which ran on Wednesday to mark the reopening of the line. Local schoolchildren, campaigners, railway staff and supporters of the project were also on board. Construction and upgrading work was completed in nine months, with track operator Network Rail saying it laid 11 miles (18km) of new track, installed 24,000 concrete sleepers and 29,000 tonnes of ballast in 20 days. Repairs have also been made to 21 structures along the route, including four bridges. Image caption, The reopened line is expected to bring a boost to the local economy Image caption, A special rail service ran on Wednesday to open the line between Okehampton and Exeter Other infrastructure work has included level crossing improvements and the installation of railway communications equipment. Vegetation clearance, earth and drainage works and fencing has also been completed, and further infrastructure work will continue to take place to increase the line speed to enable an hourly service in 2022, managers said. More work is due to be carried out over the winter, including on the station buildings, to enable the restoration of the café and other facilities, they added. The Restoring Your Railway fund was launched in January 2020 to reinstate axed local services and restore closed stations, many of which were cut following Dr Beeching's report on The Reshaping of British Railways in 1963. Follow BBC News South West on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to spotlight@bbc.co.uk. Related Topics Beeching cuts Network Rail Rail travel Okehampton Exeter More on this story Dartmoor rail line reopening after 49 years Published 4 days ago Okehampton to Exeter trains restart after 49 years Published 12 October £500m fund to help restore Beeching rail lines Published 28 January 2020 Related Internet Links Great Western Railway The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. From other local news sites Driver speeding at over 100mph on M5 near Exeter faces court date External North Devon Journal Consuelo hopes her pop song will become a Christmas classic External Sidmouth Herald Two people in custody after county lines cuckooing - but what is it and how can you prevent it? External North Devon Journal Environment News Get a free tree and help 'green up' Exmouth Philippa Davies person External Exmouth Journal Missing Plymouth teenager Bobbi Mcleod: Family and friends plead for help External Plymouth Live Area of Plympton has highest Covid rate in Plymouth External Plymouth Live Information about BBC links to other news sites Top Stories Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade Published 16 minutes ago Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe Published 1 hour ago Water cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium. VideoWater cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium Published 8 hours ago Features UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence Looted art claims pose questions for revamped museum TB Joshua's widow and the battle for his church What went wrong at Man Utd under Solskjaer? The 99-year-old cyclist who has won a world silver medal Why did this mum take her children to the IS capital? The art of a great urban wildlife photo. VideoThe art of a great urban wildlife photo 'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer. Video'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer How one Austrian woman saved 7,700 children from Nazi camps Elsewhere on the BBC 'I feel very cross about it' Joe Lycett uncovers the darker side of his family history Would you buy a house with no doors?! Life in the world's oldest town... Most Read 1Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade 2Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe 3Taliban bans women from TV dramas in Afghanistan 4Khashoggi fiancee urges Bieber to cancel Saudi show 5China tennis star claims to be safe in video call 6Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle off album pages 7El Salvador plans Bitcoin city at base of volcano 8Indian billionaires bet big on homegrown couture 9UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence 10More protests erupt in Europe over Covid curbs BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
