https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/u-s-indo-pacific-command-chief-says-collaboration-key-to-keeping-region-free-and-open-1.5674767
U.S. Indo Pacific Command chief says collaboration key to keeping region free and open | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement CANADA U.S. Indo Pacific Command chief says collaboration key to keeping region free and open Brett Bundale The Canadian Press Staff Contact Published Saturday, November 20, 2021 5:44PM EST Last Updated Sunday, November 21, 2021 8:25AM EST Admiral John Aquilino, Commander, U.S. Indo-Pacific Command, speaks during a media availability at the 2021 Halifax International Security Forum in Halifax on Nov. 20, 2021. (THE CANADIAN PRESS/HO-Halifax International Security Forum) Share: Reddit Share Text: HALIFAX -- The head of the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command is calling for greater collaboration between allies and partners to strive for a free and open Indo-Pacific as increasingly bold military actions from neighbouring countries stoke tensions in the region. U.S. Adm. John C. Aquilino's comments came on Saturday during the annual Halifax International Security Forum. He said international norms and values, like mutual respect for sovereignty, territorial integrity and human rights, have allowed the Indo-Pacific region to prosper and grow into an economic and military powerhouse. But "revisionist, autocratic powers" are increasingly seeking to disrupt that rules-based order "in ways that benefit themselves at the expensive of all others," he said. "Coercion, intimidation -- those are the tools they use to achieve their objectives," Aquilino said as he addressed the gathering of largely government, military and diplomatic officials. "They use the theme of might equals rights to justify their actions." Aquilino did not specifically name any countries during his remarks. But he cited one recent incident in which Chinese coast guard ships block and spray water at two Philippine boats carrying supplies to a disputed South China Sea shoal. "This assault on the rules-based international order should be concerning for all of us," he said. "This is the defining security landscape of the 21st century and how we deal with this will matter." Co-operation between allies and partners in the region is critical to demonstrating an ongoing commitment to a free and open Indo-Pacific, Aquilino said. He pointed to a recent joint naval exercise off the Japanese island of Okinawa and a recent move by Canada and the U.S. to send military warships through the Taiwan Strait. "These activities provide clear, visible evidence that we will not accept anything except a free and open Indo-Pacific," Aquilino told attendees at the forum. "This collaboration proves what an be achieved when allies and partners work together." Former Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said Indo-Pacific nations and their allies must fight to uphold the rule of law. "We want an Indo-Pacific where the strong cannot do as they will and the weak do not suffer," he said during a plenary called .StandTogetherOnChina. "We want an Indo-Pacific where every nation, big or small, is able to pursue its destiny and its ambitions while respecting the rights of others." This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 20, 2021. Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News MORE NEWS FROM CANADA Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
