https://www.ctvnews.ca/world/first-edition-copy-of-u-s-constitution-sells-for-record-us-43-2-million-1.5672811
U.S. Constitution first-edition sells for record US$43.2 million | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement WORLD First-edition copy of U.S. Constitution sells for record US$43.2 million Megan C. Hills CNN Digital Contact Published Friday, November 19, 2021 3:21AM EST Last Updated Friday, November 19, 2021 10:49AM EST An exceptionally rare first-edition printed copy of the U.S. Constitution fetched US$43.2 million in New York on Thursday. (ED JONES/AFP/Getty Images via CNN) Share: Reddit Share Text: An exceptionally rare first-edition printed copy of the U.S. Constitution fetched US$43.2 million in New York on Thursday, becoming the most expensive historical document ever to sell at auction. The sale also smashed the auction record for a book, manuscript or printed text, said Sotheby's, which had initially expected bids up to $20 million. The document is one of just 11 surviving copies -- and the last in private hands -- from the first printing of the final text, produced for delegates of the 1787 Constitutional Convention and Continental Congress. Drafted during secret meetings in Philadelphia, the U.S. Constitution laid the foundation for American democracy and guaranteed citizens' basic rights. Following the production of two earlier drafts, the Constitutional Convention's official printers created 500 copies of a final "official edition" and distributed them to delegates, according to Sotheby's. In a press release, the auction house said two parties had been involved in a "nearly 8-minute bidding battle." A cryptocurrency investor group called Constitution DAO earlier claimed that it had raised $40 million to buy the document, but tweeted a statement indicating it had not won the auction. Sotheby's has not disclosed the identity of the successful bidder. The text had previously belonged to collector and philanthropist Dorothy Tapper Goldman. It was originally acquired by her late husband, Howard, and had been "one of (his) dearest possessions," Goldman said in a statement prior to the auction. "When it passed to me, I felt an incredible sense of responsibility to care for it, to share it, and to promote our nation's Constitutional principles," she added. In a press release announcing the sale in September, Sotheby's described the document as "rarer than the first printing of the Declaration of Independence." The auction house's senior books and manuscripts specialist, Selby Kiffer, was quoted saying that the item is "one of the most rare and coveted historical documents" ever to go under the hammer. Kiffer also oversaw the document's 1988 sale to the Goldmans, who purchased it for $165,000 from a private Philadelphia collector. In the years since, it had been loaned to institutions including the New York Historical Society and United States Supreme Court, among others. The other 10 surviving copies from the first printing are all now held in institutional collections, Sotheby's said. The document is part of a larger sale of historic American documents from Goldman's collection. An early copy of the Articles of the Confederation and an official printing of the Stamp Act are among the items on offer when the auction concludes Tuesday. Other rare copies of the U.S. Constitution are also included in next week's sale, such as editions signed by Presidents Millard Fillmore and Franklin Pierce. The forthcoming auction will also feature a range of state constitutions, with at least one from each U.S. state up for sale. Proceeds are going towards the Dorothy Tapper Goldman Foundation, an organization dedicated to "furthering the understanding of our democracy and how the acts of all citizens can make a difference" according to a press release. RELATED IMAGES view larger image A page of the first printing of the United States Constitution is displayed at the offices of Sotheby's auction house in New York on September 17. (ED JONES/AFP/Getty Images) Related Stories Van Gogh watercolour landscape auctioned for a record US$35.9 million A group of crypto investors tried to buy a copy of the U.S. Constitution. It didn't work out Frida Kahlo self-portrait sets auction record for Latin American painting Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Stories from World BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement Most-Watched false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 The Climate Barometer Sign up for our weekly email newsletter delving into climate science and life on a changing planet. Canada's Most Trusted News. Download the CTV News app now. Most-Read Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons LISTEN TO THE LATEST A daily politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a daily fix on the latest political news and issues. A weekly politics podcast Listen and subscribe to get a weekly update with the newsmakers who matter. A public opinion podcast A check-in on the public mood of Canadians with hosts Michael Stittle and Nik Nanos. Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
