https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/coronavirus/vaccine-superheroes-experts-impressed-with-communications-that-target-children-1.5674715
Vaccine messaging for Canadian children impresses experts | CTV News CTV News FOLLOW ON CORONAVIRUS IN CANADA New cases today: 1,602 | Active cases: 25,481 | Deceased: 29,498 CORONAVIRUS UPDATES Complete coverage at CTVNews.ca/Coronavirus COVID-19 NEWSLETTER Receive the most important updates in your inbox COVID-19 VACCINE TRACKER Track the number of people in Canada who have received doses Advertisement POLITICS Vaccine superheroes: Experts impressed with communications that target children Melissa Couto Zuber The Canadian Press Staff Contact Published Saturday, November 20, 2021 4:21PM EST Share: Reddit Share Text: Whether using a video of Batman shadowing a public health professional or a picture of a purple cartoon character playing hockey, Canadian health units and science communication groups are trying to find ways to inspire young audiences to get the COVID-19 vaccine days before the country is expected to begin the next phase of its immunization drive. Health Canada approved the use of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine for kids aged five to 11 on Friday after reviewing safety and efficacy data from the company for weeks, and doses are expected to arrive in the provinces and territories in the coming days. As jurisdictions await their shipments, some are gearing up their vaccine communication strategies by injecting youthful themes into their messaging. Newsletter sign-up: Get The COVID-19 Brief sent to your inbox Experts say communication around the pediatric vaccine rollout needs to be kid-friendly, clear and concise to drown out misinformation from social media. "There's a lot of misinformation that can get amplified when it comes to children," said Shana MacDonald, a communications expert with the University of Waterloo. "The fear is that's going to produce hesitancy that doesn't need to be there. "But I do think public health units are doing excellent work in their communication, making it stronger and shareable." MacDonald said she's been impressed with some of the messaging she's seen from various health units and those she calls "science influencers" -- experts who've taken it upon themselves to produce and share accurate vaccine content on their own social platforms. Institutions like the University of Waterloo's School of Pharmacy have been on the forefront of creating easily digestible COVID-19 infographics, partnering with a number of doctors and communication experts to create and share info more widely. One of those collaborative groups, called Focused COVID Communication, released a graphic on Instagram Friday depicting a smiling purple cartoon figure playing hockey, celebrating a birthday with family, and hanging out with friends to showcase "the benefits of vaccinating children against COVID-19." Superhero themes also filled the messaging in tweets from other jurisdictions on Friday, including Alberta Health Services, which shared an interactive game where kids choose a character and "build protection ... through important actions such as immunization, diligent hand washing, wearing a mask and social distancing" to defeat "COVID-zilla." The Ontario Region of Peel released a video on its Twitter account Friday featuring "Brampton Batman" and Medical Officer of Health Dr. Lawrence Loh rolling up to a vaccine clinic in the Batmobile. The comic book legend, in his unmistakable deep voice, calls kids "the real heroes throughout this." The video, which had been retweeted more than 400 times as of Saturday afternoon, garnered mostly positive replies. Some commenters, however, objected to using Batman to promote vaccines. MacDonald said adding a superhero element to the video made it more relatable to children. "It generates some excitement for them and it's a way to counter uncertainty, hesitation and fear," she said. "It may not be well received by everyone on the internet, but they aren't the target demographic." Sabina Vohra-Miller, a pharmacology expert and founder of the health communication website Unambiguous Science, said vaccine messaging should strive to meet audiences where they're at. Vohra-Miller, who's been working with Focused COVID Communication since the initiative launched in the spring, said using superheroes and interactive games is a good strategy. "Children are so open and receptive and this is a great opportunity for us to build on their science literacy and do it in a way that engages them and includes them," she said, adding that her four-and-a-half-year-old son knows a lot about vaccines "because we talk about them and make it fun." Dr. Samira Jeimy, a clinical immunologist and assistant professor at Western University in London, Ont., was also a fan of the superhero messaging, but said communicators shouldn't rely too heavily on that one theme and risk alienating kids with no interest in caped crusaders. A straight-forward approach that tailors messaging to what children care about can do wonders, she said. "Some of my patients don't care (about superheroes), they care about unicorns," said Jeimy, who's involved with Focused COVID Communication. "Honestly, kids are a lot smarter than we realize. Giving them the facts straight, (saying) 'the vaccine will protect you so everyone get back to real life and be with your friends and family again.' ... Those messages have concrete meaning for kids." Jeimy and Vohra-Miller said some of the challenges around kids vaccine messaging is the perception parents have that COVID-19 won't affect their children. While severe disease remains rare in kids, some have endured lingering effects including long COVID symptoms and multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS-C). They can also transmit the virus to others. "We've had this built up that having a COVID infection is not a big deal for kids and I think we need to strongly, with evidence, show that's not the case," Jeimy said. "Children have suffered enough and it's time to get them back to social activities that will help them grow." This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 20, 2021. RELATED IMAGES view larger image Nurse Lydia Holly prepares a child's COVID-19 vaccine dose, Wednesday, Nov. 3, 2021, at Children's National Hospital in Washington. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Tracking every case of COVID-19 in Canada Coronavirus vaccination tracker: How many people in Canada have received shots? Feds have no plans to extend vaccine mandate to kids: Duclos Canada authorizes first COVID-19 vaccine for kids Canada drops molecular COVID-19 test requirement for short trips abroad Parents react to approval of COVID-19 vaccine for children aged five to 11 in Canada Longer wait between doses of Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine for Canadian kids recommended Dutch police open fire on COVID-19 rioters in Rotterdam Market in China's Wuhan likely origin of COVID-19 outbreak: study Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays Full coverage at CTVNews.ca/Coronavirus Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News Re-opening Canada COVID-19 vaccine booster eligibility by province and territory in Canada Canada closing its border to unvaccinated athletes on Jan. 15 Canada drops molecular COVID-19 test requirement for short trips abroad 5th wave 'a risk' as Albertans gather inside, Hinshaw warns Health minister promises announcement soon on COVID-19 border measure changes 'Super easy': How Canadian travellers are getting free COVID-19 tests to return home from U.S. How does it affect me? Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays Vaccine superheroes: Experts impressed with communications that target children High-risk Canadians now advised to wear medical face masks: PHAC CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says Top Videos false WATCH:Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false WATCH:Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false WATCH:Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand Advertisement LIVE COVERAGE LIVE COVERAGE LIVE: Watch ongoing news coverage on CTV News Channel IN-DEPTH COVERAGE INTERACTIVE COVID-19 in Canada How do Canada's provinces rank against American states? Compare Canada to other countries 'I won't be here next year': Canadians robbed of life by delayed diagnoses amid pandemic Coronavirus Top Stories Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada 'I lost everything': Guadeloupe riots overtake COVID-19 protest Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated VIDEO EXPLAINERS false WATCH:Ont. students to get 5 rapid test kits for winter break false WATCH:Feds to scrap PCR test requirements for short trips to U.S. false WATCH:Health Canada approves Pfizer booster for ages 18 and older false WATCH:Health officials monitoring new Delta variant mutations Finances during the crisis Documents show impact of federal pandemic-era benefits on seniors, families Criminal entities defrauded COVID-19 benefit programs: intelligence reports Two-thirds of Canadians want pandemic aid lowered or to end: Nanos 'Hassle cost' of COVID-19 test may dissuade shoppers from crossing Canada-U.S. border, expert says NEWSLETTER Sign up for The COVID-19 Brief newsletter Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Editorial Standards and Policies © 2020All rights reserved. Back to top
