https://bc.ctvnews.ca/
Vancouver News | Local Breaking | CTV News Vancouver Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver News | Local Breaking | CTV News Vancouver Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property A family living near the shore of Harrison Lake is grateful they weren't injured when a mudslide roared across their property at the height of last weekend's intense rainstorm – but they were disappointed to learn their homeowner's insurance doesn't cover the cost of cleanup and repairs. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events "The car I was in started tumbling down the hill on our left, and the next thing I know there was water in the car almost up to my neck." Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Officials in Merritt, B.C. say progress is being made, as crews work around the clock to bring the city’s drinking water back online. Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says The barge that's been grounded at Sunset Beach since last week's historic storm will be staying there a little while longer. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Federal employment Minister Carla Qualtrough says British Columbians displaced or left jobless due to extreme flooding should immediately apply for employment insurance benefits - even if they wouldn't normally be eligible. City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert The City of Chilliwack says the breach in the Sumas River dike in Abbotsford has been repaired, and that it's able to lift an evacuation alert for Chilliwack residents near the Abbotsford border as a result. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. 'The devastation is unbelievable': Farmer returns home by boat in Abbotsford Transport Canada has temporarily banned boats from flood-ravaged areas of B.C., including Sumas Prairie in Abbotsford. But exceptions continue to be made for emergency workers and owners only able to access their livestock and property by water. Possible missing person: Police trying to confirm if man seen walking into floodwaters is safe Mounties in a city evacuated earlier this week due to flooding in B.C. are asking the public to help confirm if a man is missing. B.C. highway crash involving bus leaves 1 dead, 13 injured The RCMP say one person is dead and 12 others injured after a semi-trailer truck collided with a passenger bus in northeastern B.C. Saturday afternoon. Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides One of the victims of a deadly mudslide in British Columbia last week has been identified as Steven Taylor, a former Calgarian who was devoted to his family and passionate about sports. B.C. road report: Which highways are open now, and what is essential travel? Another B.C. highway has partially reopened days after a deadly storm swept through the province, bringing mud and debris crashing down from the mountains. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert The crisis in B.C. will contribute to the ongoing mental health issues surrounding the anxiety and depression some people have in response to climate change and the extreme weather events tied to it, an expert says. B.C. flooding may have contaminated well water, province warns The B.C. government is warning people who use private wells for their drinking water - rather than a municipal or community water system - to check their water supply for contamination after recent flooding in the province. B.C. man finishes 160 km charity run in honour of late friend B.C. resident Josh Sloan crossed the finish line of a 160 kilometre charity run in Surrey, B.C. Saturday as a tribute to his late teacher and friend. Military joins efforts to rescue animals in Abbotsford flood zone Animal rescues continued Saturday on flood-stricken Sumas Prairie in Abbotsford, and the military joined the effort. Top Videos Protesters show solidarity to B.C. Indigenous land defenders Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand Death toll from B.C. mudslide rises to 4 Signs of hope in Abbotsford as repairs continue Gas rationing prompts long lineups Kelowna man makes long journey home Transgender flag raised at legislature Flooding stalls Christmas tree deliveries Animal rescues continue on Sumas Prairie Surrey man completes run in memory of friend Inside CTV News Vancouver Overdue library book returned to Vancouver branch nearly 70 years later The phrase "better late than never" applies to library books too, it turns out. A book recently returned to a branch of the Vancouver Public Library was decades overdue. 'Stay safe, all': Astronaut shares NASA photo of B.C. flooding as seen from space The flooding that prompted a provincial state of emergency in British Columbia is visible from space. Driver given $1,200 fine, partial driving prohibition after accident that killed B.C. toddler The driver involved in a tragic crash that killed a toddler in Squamish, B.C., last year has been fined $1,200 and given a temporary partial driving prohibition. Editor's Picks 'It's going to be a lot': What will it cost to rebuild B.C. after major flooding? With properties still underwater and thousands of people still out of their homes, it's near impossible to estimate the true damage cost B.C. is facing after a major flooding emergency. Is B.C. flooding affecting the province's COVID-19 numbers? Not yet, Health Ministry says Though flooding and mudslides have displaced thousands of B.C. residents and made travel difficult, the provincial Ministry of Health says it has not seen an impact on COVID-19 testing rates in disaster-affected areas. B.C. residents bypass highway closures with U.S. detour – but obstacles remain for some After spending days stranded by storm-related highway closures, a growing number of British Columbians are getting home by detouring through the United States – although border rules could pose an obstacle for some. McLaughlin On Your Side Catastrophic economic impact of B.C. floods B.C. floods have severely disrupted the flow of cargo through Vancouver ports to and from the rest of Canada. The federal transport minister describes it as catastrophic. How to help: Fundraisers set up for victims of devastating B.C. storm The historic and deadly storm that bombarded British Columbia this week has left many worried onlookers from across the country feeling desperate to help – and there's a growing number of ways to do so. Insurance for flood victims: Evacuees encouraged to begin claim process early Flood victims should start the insurance claim process early. Evacuees could be compensated for out of pocket expenses, too. Keep your receipts and documentation. Real Estate News 'Cooling off periods' part of B.C. real estate plan to protect buyers wanting to back out In what the province describes as an effort to protect consumers, legislation is being drafted that would require "cooling off periods" in the sale of some B.C. homes. B.C. real estate market: For 2 residents, it took winning the lottery to buy their first homes The modest plans of two recent B.C. lottery winners highlight the challenge would-be homeowners face in the current real estate market. Surrey man pleads guilty to 2 counts of tax evasion, faces nearly $60K in fines A Surrey man has been fined nearly $60,000 after pleading guilty to two counts of tax evasion, according to the Canada Revenue Agency. CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Across Canada 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city CFL all-time passing leader Anthony Calvillo becomes a Canadian citizen Canadian soldier sentenced to jail in first-of-its-kind cannabis cupcake case Overdue library book returned to Vancouver branch nearly 70 years later CTV News On the Go Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Four-eared cat becomes social media icon W5 Preview: Heartbreaking search for a missing N.S. boy 'I thought I was gonna die': B.C. man stranded by flooding How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 5:30 a.m. CTV News at Noon 12 p.m. CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. BTS With CTV Vancouver STAY CONNECTED Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. CTVNews.ca Top Stories More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Two of 17 members of a missionary group who were kidnapped more than a month ago have been freed in Haiti and are safe, "in good spirits and being cared for," their Ohio-based church organization announced Sunday. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. LISTEN LIVE Vancouver Island Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Toronto Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Winnipeg Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Saskatoon 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama Regina Preparations underway for 50th Canadian Western Agribition CTV News Regina: Here's what's making headlines this Sunday John Paddock returns to the Pats bench, leads team to 4-2 victory Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school London More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen Northern Ontario Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Kitchener 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Canada Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Halifax municipality, emergency officials closely monitoring weather forecast as storm approaches the Maritimes Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Roofing worker killed, another injured after restaurant fire in St. Catharines, Ont. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert World More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Three arrested after about 80 thieves ransack department store near San Francisco Far-right lawmaker, ex-protester to meet in Chilean runoff Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver Poland says Belarus border crisis may be prelude to 'something worse' Taxi driver hurt in U.K. blast says it's a miracle he's alive Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
