https://bc.ctvnews.ca/weather
Vancouver Weather | Local Seven-Day Forecasts | CTV News Vancouver Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver Weather | Local Seven-Day Forecasts | CTV News Vancouver Top Videos Protesters show solidarity to B.C. Indigenous land defenders Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand Death toll from B.C. mudslide rises to 4 Signs of hope in Abbotsford as repairs continue Gas rationing prompts long lineups CTV News Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property A family living near the shore of Harrison Lake is grateful they weren't injured when a mudslide roared across their property at the height of last weekend's intense rainstorm – but they were disappointed to learn their homeowner's insurance doesn't cover the cost of cleanup and repairs. 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events "The car I was in started tumbling down the hill on our left, and the next thing I know there was water in the car almost up to my neck." Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Officials in Merritt, B.C. say progress is being made, as crews work around the clock to bring the city’s drinking water back online. Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says The barge that's been grounded at Sunset Beach since last week's historic storm will be staying there a little while longer. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Federal employment Minister Carla Qualtrough says British Columbians displaced or left jobless due to extreme flooding should immediately apply for employment insurance benefits - even if they wouldn't normally be eligible. City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert The City of Chilliwack says the breach in the Sumas River dike in Abbotsford has been repaired, and that it's able to lift an evacuation alert for Chilliwack residents near the Abbotsford border as a result. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. 'The devastation is unbelievable': Farmer returns home by boat in Abbotsford Transport Canada has temporarily banned boats from flood-ravaged areas of B.C., including Sumas Prairie in Abbotsford. But exceptions continue to be made for emergency workers and owners only able to access their livestock and property by water. Inside CTV News Vancouver Overdue library book returned to Vancouver branch nearly 70 years later The phrase "better late than never" applies to library books too, it turns out. A book recently returned to a branch of the Vancouver Public Library was decades overdue. 'Stay safe, all': Astronaut shares NASA photo of B.C. flooding as seen from space The flooding that prompted a provincial state of emergency in British Columbia is visible from space. Driver given $1,200 fine, partial driving prohibition after accident that killed B.C. toddler The driver involved in a tragic crash that killed a toddler in Squamish, B.C., last year has been fined $1,200 and given a temporary partial driving prohibition. Editor's Picks 'It's going to be a lot': What will it cost to rebuild B.C. after major flooding? With properties still underwater and thousands of people still out of their homes, it's near impossible to estimate the true damage cost B.C. is facing after a major flooding emergency. Is B.C. flooding affecting the province's COVID-19 numbers? Not yet, Health Ministry says Though flooding and mudslides have displaced thousands of B.C. residents and made travel difficult, the provincial Ministry of Health says it has not seen an impact on COVID-19 testing rates in disaster-affected areas. B.C. residents bypass highway closures with U.S. detour – but obstacles remain for some After spending days stranded by storm-related highway closures, a growing number of British Columbians are getting home by detouring through the United States – although border rules could pose an obstacle for some. Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
