https://vancouverisland.ctvnews.ca/vancouver-island-adds-3-new-covid-19-cases-province-reaches-80-single-dose-vaccination-1.5516722
Vancouver Island adds 3 new COVID-19 cases, province reaches 80% single-dose vaccination | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Island Close VANCOUVER ISLAND Search CTV Vancouver Island Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Sawatsky Sign-off Contests Events Video Latest All Video Hike the Island CTV News Live Video Help Last Laugh Shows News Programs CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Personalities Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs News Links Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver Island Vancouver Island adds 3 new COVID-19 cases, province reaches 80% single-dose vaccination Victoria - Provincial health officials identified three new cases of COVID-19 in the Vancouver Island region Tuesday. The new cases were among 76 cases found across the province over the past 24 hours. There are currently 692 active cases of COVID-19 in B.C., including 22 in the Island Health region, according to the B.C. health ministry. Three people are in hospital with COVID-19 in the island region Tuesday, but no one is in critical care, according to the B.C. Centre for Disease Control. Island Health officials identified the locations of 16 active cases on the island Tuesday, including 10 in the South Island, three in the Central Island and three in the North Island. There were no deaths related to the disease reported in B.C. on Tuesday, leaving the province's pandemic death toll at 1,763. Since the pandemic began, 5,198 cases have been identified in the Vancouver Island region and 41 people have died. The province says 80 per cent of people aged 12 and older had received their first dose of COVID-19 vaccine in B.C., while 54.4 per cent have received two doses. Health officials in B.C. have administered a total of 6,233,656 vaccine doses since December. Background CTV News Vancouver Island reports the daily COVID-19 case counts as reported by provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry and Health Minister Adrian Dix, which are based on BCCDC data. There may be a discrepancy between the daily case counts reported by the BCCDC and Island Health. Top Stories Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding B.C. road report: Which highways are open now, and what is essential travel? Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
