https://vancouverisland.ctvnews.ca/
Victoria News | Local Breaking | CTV News Vancouver Island Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Island Close VANCOUVER ISLAND Search CTV Vancouver Island Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Sawatsky Sign-off Contests Events Video Latest All Video Hike the Island CTV News Live Video Help Last Laugh Shows News Programs CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Personalities Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs News Links Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Victoria News | Local Breaking | CTV News Vancouver Island Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say Police in Campbell River say a husband and wife were sent to hospital earlier this month after being attacked by their dog. 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity On his own dime, Joe hopped on a plane to Victoria and spent a week helping a group of strangers with an online broadcast that featured people playing what’s been dubbed "the most boring video game ever created:" Desert Bus. Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids The Help Fill a Dream Foundation – in partnership with Country Grocer – kicked off its latest campaign Friday at Eurosa Farms in central Saanich by fulfilling a young boy's dream. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Federal employment Minister Carla Qualtrough says British Columbians displaced or left jobless due to extreme flooding should immediately apply for employment insurance benefits - even if they wouldn't normally be eligible. B.C. road report: Which highways are open now, and what is essential travel? Another B.C. highway has partially reopened days after a deadly storm swept through the province, bringing mud and debris crashing down from the mountains. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert The crisis in B.C. will contribute to the ongoing mental health issues surrounding the anxiety and depression some people have in response to climate change and the extreme weather events tied to it, an expert says. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. B.C. flooding may have contaminated well water, province warns The B.C. government is warning people who use private wells for their drinking water - rather than a municipal or community water system - to check their water supply for contamination after recent flooding in the province. Highway 19 reopened after sinkhole, but permanent repairs will take months, minister says B.C.'s Minister of Transportation and Infrastructure says it will likely be months before a sinkhole north of Nanaimo is fully repaired. Malahat highway reopens to two-way traffic ahead of schedule A stretch of Highway 1 on Vancouver Island that was closed during this week's severe storm has reopened to two-way traffic, according to the province. Growing fears that flooding has damaged salmon runs in urban rivers and creeks There are some major concerns about Vancouver Island's urban rivers and creeks after heavy rains caused them to overflow their banks. Environment Canada working on ranking system for atmospheric rivers, B.C. minister says In the wake of the atmospheric river that brought devastating floods and mudslides to B.C. this week, Environment Canada is developing a new ranking system for the weather pattern, according to Deputy Premier and Minister of Public Safety Mike Farnworth. Some B.C. gas stations already selling out as drivers react to rationing order The announcement of a provincial order rationing gasoline sent many drivers rushing out to the pumps in B.C.'s Lower Mainland Friday – resulting in some stations selling out of fuel. Esquimalt students creating gingerbread house kits to support families in need More than 40 students in the Esquimalt High School Culinary Arts program are preparing gingerbread house kits to raise money for CFAX Santas Anonymous. B.C. parents urged to register children now that COVID-19 vaccine approved for kids 5-11 British Columbia's top doctor and health minister are urging parents to register their children now that the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine has been approved in Canada for kids aged five to 11. Two journalists among 15 people arrested by RCMP near B.C. pipeline worksite An award-winning photojournalist and a documentary filmmaker were among the 15 people arrested on Friday as B.C. RCMP moved to enforce an injunction barring protests from blocking an access road used by Coastal GasLink pipeline workers. Top Videos Protesters show solidarity to B.C. Indigenous land defenders Gas rationing prompts long lineups Flooding stalls Christmas tree deliveries Death toll from B.C. mudslide rises to 4 Transgender flag raised at legislature Gas rationing announced on Vancouver Island 22 injured by explosion at CFB Comox B.C. health minister speaks on youth vaccines Victoria youth hockey team recounts being stranded Inside CTV News Vancouver Island 'Where is the hope?' B.C. First Nation president upset after officer cleared in shooting death of Chantel Moore There’s renewed anger over the death of a First Nations woman, originally from Vancouver Island’s west coast, as the New Brunswick Police Commission finds the officer who killed her didn’t breach his professional code of conduct. These are the firearms seized by Victoria police in 2020 VicPD seized 61 firearms in 2020, according to a list of seizures released to CTV News Vancouver Island through a freedom of information request. 'Crazy new level of panic-buying': Milk and meat shelves picked dry at some Vancouver Island grocery stores Walking the aisles of her local grocery stores, Jessica Calado was shocked and saddened Wednesday night. The Campbell River, B.C. mother says meat and milk shelves at her local Walmart and SuperStore were both nearly picked clean. Overnight closures over on Malahat highway: province The Malahat highway will no longer be closed to traffic overnight, the Ministry of Transportation announced Thursday morning. Greater Victoria gas stations running dry due to Malahat closures, but experts say don't panic Supply chain experts are urging Vancouver Islanders to not panic-buy fuel as some stations run low, or have totally run out of gasoline Wednesday. VicPD seeks driver who left 'trail of debris' after hit and run Victoria police are on the lookout for a driver who crashed into roadside objects and damaged their own vehicle in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Court reserves injunction decision in Fairy Creek old-growth logging protests A panel of three judges in British Columbia's Court of Appeal reserved its decision Tuesday on the future of an injunction against old-growth logging protests on southern Vancouver Island after a two-day hearing. Neighbours rally to bring comfort to stranded travellers caught by Malahat closure and BC Ferries wait People who tried to get around the Malahat highway closure by boat on Monday faced long waits – and big comforts – thanks to neighbours living near the Brentwood Bay to Mill Bay ferry terminal. 'Expect major congestion': Malahat highway to close overnight as repairs will take days The Malahat highway reopened to single-lane alternating traffic on Tuesday morning. Road maintenance contractor Emcon Services says the highway could be constricted to a single lane for up to a week as crews repair damage caused by Monday's flooding. STAY CONNECTED CTVNews.ca Top Stories More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade More than 20 people were injured when an SUV plowed into a Christmas parade in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on Sunday, the city's police chief said. Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada The first batch of COVID-19 vaccines for children landed in Canada on Sunday, clearing the way for provinces and territories to gear up in earnest for the next phase of the national mass immunization campaign. Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st A second 'atmospheric river' is scheduled to hit the still-flooded province of British Columbia, this time along the North Coast. Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says A breach on the Sumas River dike has been sealed, but work is continuing to reinforce it, Abbotsford Mayor Henry Braun said at a news conference Sunday afternoon. Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Missing Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai told Olympic officials in a video call from Beijing that she was safe and well, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday after Peng reappeared in public at a youth tournament in Beijing. 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says A new study is suggesting that the simple act of taking photos of post-surgical wounds on a cellphone could be a tool in helping to spot infections early and cut down on complications following surgery. U.S. missionaries say 2 of 17 abductees freed in Haiti Two of 17 members of a missionary group who were kidnapped more than a month ago have been freed in Haiti and are safe, "in good spirits and being cared for," their Ohio-based church organization announced Sunday. 'Like a tsunami': Survivor of B.C. flooding describes what happened, and what he found when he came back home 'It turned the corner and then it was like a tsunami,' a survivor of the flooding in Princeton, B.C., says of what he witnessed last week. Police in Australia impound motorized cooler allegedly operated by unlicensed driver It's common knowledge that you need a driver’s license to operate a vehicle in most countries, but police in Australia are adding a new type of transportation to the list of what constitutes a vehicle: motorized coolers. Sawatsky Sign-off 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity On his own dime, Joe hopped on a plane to Victoria and spent a week helping a group of strangers with an online broadcast that featured people playing what’s been dubbed "the most boring video game ever created:" Desert Bus. B.C. musician turns song about late friend into opportunity to help others Riley Ingham is keeping the memory of his friend Steven alive through song, and using music to raise awareness and funds for mental health support. Langford man, 94, overcomes adversity to become tireless volunteer Adam finds out how a Langford senior overcame adversity – including a near-fatal train derailment – to become a tireless volunteer at 94. Colwood woman creates 100 crochet poppies for 100th anniversary of remembrance symbol When Deidre first taught herself to knit she didn’t consider its potential for positivity. It was simply a satisfying pastime. Victoria woman transforms from international model to inspiring advocate after developing rare syndrome For the past six years, Tara's been suffering from the rare, debilitating, and often excruciating condition known as CRPS (complex regional pain syndrome). Daughter honours late mom by painting pictures of hundreds of restaurants they visited together Sharon started painting bright pictures of all the places where she and her mom connected over the years. The detailed and whimsical images range from the restaurant she grew up in to the cafes she skipped school for to the drive-in their whole family visited as a "field trip" away from hospice. Dad builds Snowbird jet Halloween costume for son with complex special needs Tracey and her son Jackson are preparing for their family's favourite time of the year. Every Halloween, Jackson - who has a rare and complex collection of disorders - dresses up in an elaborate wheelchair costume made by his dad. 'You'll never be academically competitive': Island man earns doctorate after life-altering brain injury Before this journey began, Brian was an infantryman preparing for what became the first Gulf War. During training, he says he was almost killed in a crash. Saanich, B.C. woman inspires others with viral video after life-altering surgery The first time Emily had her head shaved, she was a healthy Grade Five student raising money for a children’s cancer charity. WATCH LIVE CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at Eleven 11 p.m. CTV News On the Go Dan Riskin on the long-lasting cost of biodiversity loss Four-eared cat becomes social media icon W5 Preview: Heartbreaking search for a missing N.S. boy 'I thought I was gonna die': B.C. man stranded by flooding Highlights from Across Canada 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city A Saskatoon man has completed a project of walking on every street in the city over 329 days in a row. CFL all-time passing leader Anthony Calvillo becomes a Canadian citizen The man who's passed for more yards than anyone in CFL history - Anthony Calvillo - is now a Canadian. Canadian soldier sentenced to jail in first-of-its-kind cannabis cupcake case A Canadian soldier will spend up to 30 days in jail for drugging her comrades with cannabis-laced cupcakes during a live-fire training exercise in 2018. Overdue library book returned to Vancouver branch nearly 70 years later The phrase "better late than never" applies to library books too, it turns out. A book recently returned to a branch of the Vancouver Public Library was decades overdue. Sask. bison help archaeologist uncover 'rare' 1,000 year old petroglyph Rock carvings from more than a thousand years ago have been discovered at Wanuskewin Heritage Park. Don't Miss Videos B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher CTV's Omar Sachedina has the story of a B.C. man participating in a 160 km fundraising run in honour of his friend and teacher who died of cancer. Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship A California football team from a high school for the deaf is heading to the state championships after winning a big game Friday night. Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. A group of volunteers set out to help people in need after the devastating floods and mudslides in B.C. N.B. curlers attempt to break world record for longest game Injured pelican saved from frozen water in Sask. recovering WATCH: CTV's Luke Simard has more on the lengths locals went to in order to help a pelican in need. India PM repeals farm laws after a year of protests Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi repeals controversial farm laws. CTV’s John Vennavally-Rao reports. Nanos: Conservatives have sights 'firmly set on each other' CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos breakdown the top political stories on Trend Line. Will Smith performance in 'King Richard' getting Oscar buzz How COVID-19 antiviral pills will help us fight the virus COVID-19 antiviral pills could be the next tool in ending the pandemic. Dr. Sumon Chakrabarti explains how they work. LISTEN LIVE CTV News Video Network Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade Around 20 people injured in Wisconsin after SUV drove through a parade. CTV Public Safety Analyst Chris Lewis give his insight. Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. Watch CTV News Channel for breaking news and ongoing coverage. Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand The Canadian armed forces are aiding recovery efforts in areas affected by the B.C. floods. Omar Sachedina has more on the reinforcements. Growing calls for Justin Bieber to cancel Saudi Arabia show Scale of Abbotsford, B.C. devastation is 'incomprehensible' All hands are on deck in Abbotsford, B.C. as workers try to close a roughly 100-metre gap in the Sumas River dike. Todd Battis reports. Health minister says vaccine mandates will not apply to kids Canada gears up for largest mass vaccinations program for children in history. CTV’s Avis Favaro reports. Canada seeks solutions over U.S. trade issues, supply chain The Three Amigos has begun at the White House for the first time in five years. CTV’s Joyce Napier reports. Feds, B.C. announce joint supply chain recover working group There is yet to be any estimates of how much damage to B.C.’s infrastructure will cost. CTV’s Allison Hurst reports. Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai appears at Beijing tournament Missing tennis star Peng Shuai reappeared in public on Nov.20 at a youth tournament in Beijing, according to videos shared on social media. Vancouver Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Edmonton MacEwan Griffins take U SPORTS women’s soccer national title for the first time Elks recount difficult season, look forward to fresh start in 2022 Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Calgary Calgary father among the dead in B.C. mudslides Kenney says his confidence is high as UCP AGM wraps up Massive fire rips through 2 homes in Calgary's Coach Hill Toronto Rally held in Toronto in support of Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs Ontario reports 741 new COVID-19 cases and 3 more deaths Two people bitten by coyote in Toronto park, city says Montreal Quebec reports 707 new COVID-19 cases, three more deaths 88-year-old man missing in Montreal, police ask for public's help CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 21, 2021 Atlantic Kalin's call: Heavy rain on way for parts of Maritimes; eastern N.S. expected to be hardest hit N.B. reports 90 new COVID-19 cases, 43 recoveries; over 600,000 eligible residents fully vaccinated P.E.I. reports two new cases of COVID-19, potential exposure at high school Winnipeg Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Saskatoon 'We miss her deeply': Family of Mackenzie Trottier ramps up search Saskatoon-based jewelry company collaborates with celebrity choreographers Corman Park Police looking for owners of lost llama Regina Preparations underway for 50th Canadian Western Agribition CTV News Regina: Here's what's making headlines this Sunday John Paddock returns to the Pats bench, leads team to 4-2 victory London More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Aylmer, Ont. long-term care home in COVID-19 'suspect outbreak' Clinton's Main Street 'almost' ready to reopen Northern Ontario Timmins Community Park Association adds sleighs to Hollinger Skate path Thousands line the streets to welcome Santa Claus to North Bay Bruce Mines alpaca farm under new management Kitchener 'I thought I was in a movie': Woodstock mother escapes house fire with five kids House of Friendship seeking permanent housing solution Driver in serious condition following single-vehicle crash in Waterloo Entertainment Simu Liu made his hosting debut on 'Saturday Night Live' Actor Art LaFleur, known for his roles in 'The Sandlot' and 'Field of Dreams,' has died at 78 Adele wants you to listen to her album in order, and Spotify agrees Health 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says U.K. to probe racial bias in medical devices after COVID-19 toll Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Politics Parliament returns Monday with a vaccine mandate in place Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Tory vaccination status in spotlight after MP tests positive on eve of new Parliament Sci-Tech WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Business Canadian steelmakers embrace 'green steel' as carbon taxes set to rise Scotiabank ditches resumes for campus hiring, widening candidate pool Vietnamese workers at Chinese factory in Serbia cry for help Autos Tesla app coming back online after server outage, Musk says Tensions boil in Qatar between Mercedes and Red Bull GM aims to tackle chip shortage with new designs made in North America Lifestyle The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Sports IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
