https://vancouverisland.ctvnews.ca/vicpd-seeks-driver-who-left-trail-of-debris-after-hit-and-run-1.5670624
VicPD seeks driver who left 'trail of debris' after hit and run | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Island Close VANCOUVER ISLAND Search CTV Vancouver Island Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Sawatsky Sign-off Contests Events Video Latest All Video Hike the Island CTV News Live Video Help Last Laugh Shows News Programs CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Personalities Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs News Links Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver Island VicPD seeks driver who left 'trail of debris' after hit and run A Victoria police car is seen parked behind Esquimalt's Public Safety Building: (CTV News) Victoria - Victoria police are on the lookout for a driver who crashed into roadside objects and damaged their own vehicle in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Police say they were called to a multi-unit residential building in the 1800-block of Government Street around 3:30 a.m. for reports of the crash. The person who called police "initially believed that an earthquake was taking place" because the crash produced a loud noise and caused the building to shake, police say. Once the caller felt safe, they exited the building and spotted extensive damage caused from a car crash, according to VicPD. Police say they examined the scene and evidence suggests that a vehicle drove off the street "at a high rate of speed" before crossing a sidewalk and striking several objects. "The impact of the collision flung a concrete garbage bin through a nearby building window and destroyed a parking post," said VicPD in a release Wednesday. "The entire exhaust was ripped from the vehicle during the crash." After the vehicle was damaged, police say they were able to follow a trail of car fluids and debris approximately 2.5 kilometres away from the initial crash scene. The vehicle was eventually tracked to a multi-unit residential building in the 100-block of Menzies Street in James Bay. Police say the vehicle, which was parked behind the building, was then towed and impounded. The driver of the vehicle was not found by the car, and police are now searching for the driver. Investigators add that they are uncertain if the driver was injured in the crash. Anyone with information on the crash, or who may have video from the 1800-block of Government Street to 100-block of Menzies Street, is asked to call Victoria police at 250-995-7654. Anonymous tips can also be submitted to Crime Stoppers by calling 1-800-222-8477. Top Stories Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows Couple attacked by dog in Campbell River, RCMP say 'World's most boring video game' telethon raises record $1.5M for charity Help Fill a Dream Foundation kicks off latest fundraising campaign to benefit Island kids Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding B.C. road report: Which highways are open now, and what is essential travel? Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Crisis in B.C. will contribute to climate mental health woes: expert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
