https://www.ctvnews.ca/lifestyle/vietnam-welcomes-1st-tourists-to-resort-island-after-2-years-1.5674478
Vietnam welcomes 1st tourists to resort island after 2 years | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement LIFESTYLE Vietnam welcomes 1st tourists to resort island after 2 years The Associated Press Staff Contact Published Saturday, November 20, 2021 8:15AM EST Last Updated Saturday, November 20, 2021 8:15AM EST Tourists pose for a photo after landing on Phu Quoc island, in Vietnam, Saturday, Nov. 20, 2021. (VietjetAir via AP) Share: Reddit Share Text: HANOI, VIETNAM -- More than 200 foreign tourists arrived on Vietnam's largest Phu Quoc island on Saturday, the first to visit the Southeast Asian country after nearly two years of border closure due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The fully vaccinated travelers from South Korea will spend their holidays in hotel resorts without a mandatory 14-day quarantine. They were tested on arrival, and once the negative results are returned, they can join activities on the island including sightseeing, shopping and entertainment events that require vaccine certificates. "The program is among the country's efforts to revive its tourism industry while reopening and developing the economy step by step under a new normal context," said Nguyen Trung Khanh, chairman of Vietnam's Administration of Tourism who welcomed the charter flight on the airport tarmac. According to the Health Ministry, all staff members working in service facilities and 99% of Phu Quoc's adult residents have been fully vaccinated for COVID-19. The island is planning to vaccinate children aged 12 to 17 next month. Vietnam closed its border in March 2020, shortly after confirming its first COVID-19 case. Since then, it only allowed only several international flights a week with foreign experts, diplomats and returning Vietnamese nationals. Those international arrivals must undergo a 14-day quarantine in designated hotels or government-run facilities. Vietnam is the latest Asian nation to start opening up to fully vaccinated visitors. Thailand had begun by limiting tourists to its southern Phuket island before expanding to other areas, including Bangkok, since Nov. 1. The Indonesian island of Bali opened to arrivals last month with some restrictions including testing and a five-day hotel quarantine, and Malaysia opened up Langkawi island under a pilot bubble program. Tracking every case of COVID-19 in Canada Coronavirus vaccination tracker: How many people in Canada have received shots? Feds have no plans to extend vaccine mandate to kids: Duclos Canada authorizes first COVID-19 vaccine for kids Canada drops molecular COVID-19 test requirement for short trips abroad Parents react to approval of COVID-19 vaccine for children aged five to 11 in Canada Longer wait between doses of Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine for Canadian kids recommended Dutch police open fire on COVID-19 rioters in Rotterdam Market in China's Wuhan likely origin of COVID-19 outbreak: study Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays Full coverage at CTVNews.ca/Coronavirus Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Lifestyle stories The original Gerber Baby is celebrating her 95th birthday 'Didn't think I was going to survive': Saskatoon man completes goal of walking every street in the city Tech meant to make remote work easier burdened mothers' mental health during pandemic: study Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays Vietnam welcomes 1st tourists to resort island after 2 years No winning ticket for Friday's $17 million Lotto Max jackpot Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING Police: 'Some fatalities' when SUV hits Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement Lifestyle videos false NYC attraction claims to be world's highest building climb false How to properly dispose of your pumpkins after Halloween false 'Laundry Evangelist' explains why no stain is permanent false Booking a winter getaway? How to have a fun and safe trip false How the pandemic has caused a growth in 'side hustles' false CEO says 4-day work week keeps employees from burning out MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
