https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-leicestershire-59323918
Walkers crisp shortage leaves Leicestershire family desperate - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture MenuMore Search Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories More Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads England Regions Leicester Walkers crisp shortage leaves Leicestershire family desperate By David Pittam BBC News Published 3 days ago Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing This video can not be played To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. Media caption, Michelle: "People think it's poor parenting... They don't really understand" A couple are spending hours hunting for a specific type of Walkers crisp amid a national shortage as it is one of the only things their daughter will eat. Due to an eating disorder, Walkers oven baked sea salt-flavour crisps form a major part of the diet of four-year-old Ava, from Narborough, Leicestershire. But her mother Michelle says she is struggling to find any. Walkers said it was working to resolve the supply problems and apologised for the inconvenience. The disruption, which started last month, is due to a glitch caused by an IT upgrade. Image source, Michelle Image caption, Michelle said she tried to shop for the packets online, but even stores advertising the product as in stock told her they had run out Ava has a number of conditions, including avoidant or restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID) and a condition that affects her development. According to her mother, she only eats these crisps, toastie waffles and a specific kind of baby fruit puree. She only drinks sweetened almond milk and a prescription vitamin mix. Michelle said Ava would rather go on a drip than eat something she does not like. They have been struggling to get hold of the crisps for almost a month. Hospital fears At one point Ava, who usually eats two packets a day, was without the crisps for five days and became lethargic and withdrawn. "When your child relies on a food, and you can't get it, it's really hard," Michelle said. "[Me and my husband] go looking round the shops for the crisps every day for an hour or two. "We have a big extended family and everyone is looking out for them too. "There's not a huge nutritional value in the crisps but the salt helps. It makes her drink more. "[If she doesn't have them] it makes her really sleep, she lays around and doesn't have enough energy." "Our big fear is having to go to hospital and if we cannot find these crisps, that's 100% a possibility," she added. "It makes me very, very anxious. What seems like such a simple thing is huge for her." She added many children with disorders that limit their eating tend to favour crisps, and she was aware of many families through social media who were also struggling. Image caption, There have been reports of empty shelves in some shops across the country On Thursday, Michelle told the BBC News Channel the family had received messages online from people around the country offering to supply them with crisps. She added: "There is a lot of people that experience this at all ages, but there has been a lot of judgement and a lot of very, very negative comments. "This is a registered eating disorder and a lot of people don't really understand learning disabilities, autism, sensory eating or ARFID so there are misconceptions about what it is." Image source, Getty Images Image caption, Supply disruption is set to continue for a few more weeks Nicole Kirkland, co-founder of charity ARFID Awareness UK, said many often looked down on the condition and those dealing with it. She said: "It often deals with complex carbohydrates and processed foods, just by the very nature that they are consistent, so you end up with crisps, white bread, cereal or fast food fries, so it can come across as lazy parenting. "It really opens itself up to judgement but this is not just a kid that is a fussy eater. "The mum is doing the best she can and unfortunately there is very little in the way of help and support for people out there." Walkers has said supply issues are expected to continue for several more weeks. The Leicester-based firm is prioritising its more popular crisp flavours, such as cheese and onion and salt and vinegar. A spokeswoman said: "We're doing everything we can to increase production and get people's favourites back on shelves. "We're very sorry for the inconvenience caused." Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk. Related Topics Eating disorders Crisps Narborough More on this story Walkers crisp supply disruption to last for weeks Published 1 November Related Internet Links ARFID Awareness UK The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. From other local news sites Amphibious machine brought in to dredge sideponds at Foxton Locks External Harborough Today World-renowned saxophonist comes to the Harborough district External Harborough Today ‘We have been dumped like garbage’ External Melton Times Rescue cat finds her forever home with calves in a cowshed External Melton Times Information about BBC links to other news sites Top Stories Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade Published 9 minutes ago Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe Published 1 hour ago Water cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium. VideoWater cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium Published 8 hours ago Features UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence Looted art claims pose questions for revamped museum TB Joshua's widow and the battle for his church What went wrong at Man Utd under Solskjaer? The 99-year-old cyclist who has won a world silver medal Why did this mum take her children to the IS capital? The art of a great urban wildlife photo. VideoThe art of a great urban wildlife photo 'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer. Video'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer How one Austrian woman saved 7,700 children from Nazi camps Elsewhere on the BBC 'I feel very cross about it' Joe Lycett uncovers the darker side of his family history Would you buy a house with no doors?! Life in the world's oldest town... Most Read 1Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade 2Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe 3Taliban bans women from TV dramas in Afghanistan 4Khashoggi fiancee urges Bieber to cancel Saudi show 5China tennis star claims to be safe in video call 6Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle off album pages 7El Salvador plans Bitcoin city at base of volcano 8Indian billionaires bet big on homegrown couture 9UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence 10More protests erupt in Europe over Covid curbs BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
