https://www.ctvnews.ca/sci-tech/whatsapp-pushes-privacy-update-to-comply-with-irish-ruling-1.5675587
WhatsApp updates privacy settings | CTV News Home FOLLOW ON Advertisement SCI-TECH WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling The Associated Press Staff Contact Published Sunday, November 21, 2021 7:13PM EST WhatsApp appears on a smartphone in New York, on on March 10, 2017. (Patrick Sison / AP) Share: Reddit Share Text: LONDON -- WhatsApp is adding more details to its privacy policy and flagging that information for European users, after Irish regulators slapped the chat service with a record fine for breaching strict EU data privacy rules. Starting Monday, WhatsApp's privacy policy will be reorganized to provide more information on the data it collects and how it's used. The company said it's also explaining in more detail how it protects data shared across borders for its global service and the legal foundations for processing the data. WhatsApp is owned by Facebook, now renamed Meta Platforms. With the update, users in Europe will see a banner notification at the top of their chat list that will take them to the new information. WhatsApp is taking the action after getting hit with a record 225 million euro ($267 million) fine in September from Ireland's data privacy watchdog for violating stringent European Union data protection rules on transparency about sharing people's data with other Facebook companies. The chat service said it disagreed with the decision, but it has to comply by updating its policy while it appeals. The update doesn't affect how data is handled, and users won't have to agree to anything new or take any other action. Ireland's Data Privacy Commission is the lead privacy regulator for WhatsApp under European Union rules because its regional headquarters is in Dublin. WhatsApp was embroiled in a separate privacy controversy earlier this year when it botched a different update to its privacy policy that raised concerns users were being forced to agree to share more of their data with Facebook. That update sparked a backlash from users who switched to rival services like Telegram and Signal, an investigation by Turkey's competition watchdog, a temporary German ban on gathering data, and a complaint by EU consumer groups. A six-hour outage of Facebook services last month highlighted how vital WhatsApp has become for its more than 2 billion users worldwide. Related Stories Mark Zuckerberg responds to the massive Facebook document dump Facebook plans new group name to revamp image, report says In the middle of a crisis, Facebook Inc. renames itself Meta Share: Reddit Share Report an error Editorial standards and policies Why you can trust CTV News More Sci-Tech Stories WhatsApp pushes privacy update to comply with Irish ruling Researchers confirm carbon dioxide 'cold traps' on the moon for the first time Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? El Salvador plans first 'Bitcoin City', backed by bitcoin bonds Anti-hate groups fear wording problems may delay a new law tackling vitriol online Sask. bison help archaeologist uncover 'rare' 1,000 year old petroglyph Top Videos false Multiple injured in Wisconsin after SUV speeds into parade false Environment Canada expecting second major storm to hit B.C. false Over 500 CAF members to arrive in B.C. Sunday: Anand CTVNews.ca Top Stories More than 20 injured when SUV plows into Wisconsin Christmas parade Plane carrying doses of COVID-19 vaccines for kids touches down in Canada Another 'atmospheric river' expected to hit B.C. as province deals with flooding from 1st Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe 'Surgery selfies' post operation could cut down on doctor visits, study says Don't Miss false B.C. man takes part in fundraising run in honour of teacher false Deaf football team in Calif. headed to state championship false Volunteers help those in need after floods in B.C. Advertisement MOST-WATCHED false Second major storm expected to hit B.C. Air Date: November 21, 2021 false CTV National News for Saturday, November 20, 2021 Air Date: November 20, 2021 false CTV National News: Inside B.C.'s military mission Air Date: November 20, 2021 false Meet Midas, a cat that has four ears Air Date: November 19, 2021 The Climate Barometer Sign up for our weekly email newsletter delving into climate science and life on a changing planet. Canada's Most Trusted News. Download the CTV News app now. MOST-READ Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Olympic officials: Chinese tennis star Peng says she is safe Queen attends christening of 2 great-grandsons Saudi critic's fiancee urges Justin Bieber to cancel F1 show Political Ads Registry Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2021All rights reserved. Back to top
