https://www.bbc.com/news/world-radio-and-tv-14563857
Where and how to watch BBC World News - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture MenuMore Search Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories More Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads World News TV Where and how to watch BBC World News Published 12 February Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing How to watch BBC World News at home BBC World News, the 24-hour international news channel, is available in over 200 countries worldwide. If you are in the US, Canada, Australia, India, Germany and South Africa you can use our channel finder to check your local listings. For all other territories please check your local listings or contact a television provider in your area to find out how you can receive BBC World News. In the US, BBC World News is available with a range of television service providers including Comcast (XFINITY), Time Warner Cable, Verizon, DirecTV, Charter, AT&T U-verse, Buckeye Cable and others. Some of our programmes are also available on PBS. If you do not currently receive BBC World News, please contact your service provider to request it. BBC World News is unavailable in the UK but some programmes and bulletins are also broadcast on the BBC News Channel. How to watch BBC World News while travelling BBC World News is the go-to destination for travellers eager to keep up to date with the latest news from around the globe - whenever and wherever they want it. The channel's content is available in millions of hotel rooms, on over 170 cruise ships, 53 airlines (including 14 distributing the channel live in-flight) and 23 mobile phone networks. Content services include the live channel, individual news bulletins, text feeds and programme packages. To find out how you can view BBC World News while travelling, have a look at our partners website. Related Internet Links BBC World News and BBC.com trade website The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Top Stories Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade Published 9 minutes ago Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe Published 1 hour ago Water cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium. VideoWater cannons fired at Covid protesters in Belgium Published 8 hours ago Features UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence Looted art claims pose questions for revamped museum TB Joshua's widow and the battle for his church What went wrong at Man Utd under Solskjaer? The 99-year-old cyclist who has won a world silver medal Why did this mum take her children to the IS capital? The art of a great urban wildlife photo. VideoThe art of a great urban wildlife photo 'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer. Video'Telling stories gives me hope' - war photographer How one Austrian woman saved 7,700 children from Nazi camps Elsewhere on the BBC 'I feel very cross about it' Joe Lycett uncovers the darker side of his family history Would you buy a house with no doors?! Life in the world's oldest town... Most Read 1Fatalities after car drives into Wisconsin parade 2Austria back in lockdown as protests rock Europe 3Taliban bans women from TV dramas in Afghanistan 4Khashoggi fiancee urges Bieber to cancel Saudi show 5China tennis star claims to be safe in video call 6Adele gets Spotify to take shuffle off album pages 7El Salvador plans Bitcoin city at base of volcano 8Indian billionaires bet big on homegrown couture 9UN ignored plea for Beirut blast probe evidence 10More protests erupt in Europe over Covid curbs BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
