https://winnipeg.ctvnews.ca/winnipegger-finds-87-year-old-newspaper-in-wall-while-renovating-1.5675196
Winnipegger finds 87-year-old newspaper in wall while renovating | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Winnipeg Close WINNIPEG Search CTV Winnipeg Close News Latest News All Articles Sports Photo Galleries Contests Weather Video Latest All Video Around Manitoba Medical Watch CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Community Calendar Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Winnipeg Winnipegger finds 87-year-old newspaper in wall while renovating WINNIPEG - A renovation at a Winnipeg home unearthed an unexpected piece of local history on a serendipitous date. Jamal Tarifi was renovating a home when he found a very old copy of the Winnipeg Free Press behind a wall. "We had an interest in flipping this house and we took about a month ago," said Tarifi. "The house was built in 1918 and the walls were all good, but there was an addition that didn't interest us so we had to take it down." Much to his shock, the paper was dated 87 years to the exact date he found it. "When I found it, it was November 17, 2021. The same day was November 17, 1934 when this was printed." Tarifi's brother-in-law, Munther Zeid, said he considers it a valuable piece of Winnipeg history. "This is some history right here," he said while holding the comic section. "To hold it in your hands, you kind of go 'wow.'" The newspaper is a little bit faded - but a few lines can be made out - like a story about a local wedding that was called off and details on a local puzzle contest. "It is readable if you get some time and really get a magnifying glass," said Zeid. "One of my sons was reading and saw St Mary's Academy on here, so I have to find where that is because all my daughters went there." Zeid said he wants advice on what to do with the vintage paper. "We're hoping that the story gets out and the person who knows what to do with it steps up or contacts us so we can do the right thing with it. To me, the right thing is to give it back to the city so everyone can see it if it's of value." Winnipeg Top Stories Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Winnipegger finds 87-year-old newspaper in wall while renovating Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays High wind and ice pileup risk on south shores of Lake Winnipeg and Lake Manitoba: Manitoba Government 'Flames probably shooting 20 feet': Large fire destroys clubhouse at Morden golf course A look at Manitoba's most expensive homes on the market Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
