https://winnipeg.ctvnews.ca/it-s-a-fantastic-piece-local-business-owner-buys-iconic-pemby-football-sign-on-facebook-1.5670814
Winnipeg football sign finds new owner | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Winnipeg Close WINNIPEG Search CTV Winnipeg Close News Latest News All Articles Sports Photo Galleries Contests Weather Video Latest All Video Around Manitoba Medical Watch CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Community Calendar Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Winnipeg 'It's a fantastic piece': Local business owner buys iconic Pemby football sign on Facebook The football sign attached to the side of the Pembina Hotel. (Source: Tom Scerbo/Facebook) WINNIPEG - The iconic football sign that used to be attached to the Pembina Hotel has been taken down, but will soon find a new home at another Winnipeg businesses. The hotel – known to many in the community as The Pemby – is facing the possibility of being demolished as a development firm has put a proposal in to create a 12-storey mixed-use building on the corner of Pembina Highway and Jubilee Avenue. The sign – which shows a massive football crashing through the hotel's wall – now belongs to Chuck Lewis, the owner of Expert Electric. Lewis bought the sign on Facebook Marketplace "I was actually pretty excited to get it. It's a fantastic piece," said Lewis. "It's been around Winnipeg for like the last 15 years." Lewis said now that he owns the sign, Winnipeggers will be able to see it when they drive by his business at 2177 Portage Ave. "I'm hoping to have it up by the time the Grey Cup rolls around," he said. "It needs to get refurbished, repainted and jazzed up a little bit." He added it was important to buy the piece as so many Winnipeggers have a memory of the sign. "It's one of those ones that you're driving and you always remember the football going through the building." Other than being refurbished, Lewis said he doesn't plan on making any changes to it, noting it is great all by itself. When the football is finally added, Lewis said the words "Get in the game" will be put as a header above the sign. Winnipeg Top Stories Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Winnipegger finds 87-year-old newspaper in wall while renovating Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays High wind and ice pileup risk on south shores of Lake Winnipeg and Lake Manitoba: Manitoba Government 'Flames probably shooting 20 feet': Large fire destroys clubhouse at Morden golf course A look at Manitoba's most expensive homes on the market Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
