https://bc.ctvnews.ca/with-46-more-covid-19-infections-confirmed-in-24-hours-b-c-now-has-602-active-cases-1.5498363
With 46 more COVID-19 infections confirmed in 24 hours, B.C. now has 602 active cases | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Kelowna Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side The Last Word BTS Podcast The 3,800 Club Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Kids Help Phone - Homes for the Holidays BCLiquor Stores Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver With 46 more COVID-19 infections confirmed in 24 hours, B.C. now has 602 active cases Pharmacist Mario Linaksita, right, administers the Oxford-AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine to Sharon Berringer, 56, at University Pharmacy, in Vancouver, on Thursday, April 1, 2021. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck Vancouver - Another 46 cases of the novel coronavirus have been confirmed in the last 24 hours, a news release from B.C.'s health ministry says. There were no new COVID-19 deaths in that period. The latest update brings the province's total number of active cases to 602. It's the lowest active caseload since Aug. 13. Of those cases, 87 people are in hospital, 22 of whom are being treated in intensive care units. There have been 147,797 known cases of the disease since the start of the pandemic, and 1,759 deaths. According to the ministry, 98.4 per cent of people are considered to have fully recovered. The data released through a written statement Tuesday afternoon brings the seven-day average for daily deaths to 0.71. The average number of daily cases over seven days is up slightly at 37, from 35. Of the latest additions to the tally, the majority of cases were recorded in the Fraser, Vancouver Coastal and Interior health authorities. Similarly, of the total active cases, 553 of the 602 are in those three health regions. The update included that 78.1 per cent of eligible British Columbians have received at least one dose of vaccine. About 37 per cent of those 12 and older have had both doses. Vancouver Top Stories Insurance won't cover landslide damage on private property 'I can't believe I'm still alive': Highway 7 mudslide survivor recalls frightening events Some Merritt, B.C. residents one step closer to returning home following flood Grounded barge in English Bay will remain until at least Dec. 6, owner says Floodgates opened, dike breach sealed in Abbotsford, mayor says Federal government waiving normal EI rules for British Columbians left jobless by extreme flooding Cost of Fairy Creek injunction enforcement more than $3.7M, RCMP document shows City of Chilliwack says Abbotsford dike breach has been repaired, lifts evacuation alert Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
