https://winnipeg.ctvnews.ca/flashy-mural-on-winnipeg-hotel-catches-eye-of-woody-harrelson-1.5670880
Woody Harrelson sends some love to Winnipeg hotel's eye-catching mural | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV Winnipeg Close WINNIPEG Search CTV Winnipeg Close News Latest News All Articles Sports Photo Galleries Contests Weather Video Latest All Video Around Manitoba Medical Watch CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Community Calendar Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Winnipeg Flashy mural on Winnipeg hotel catches eye of Woody Harrelson Woody Harrelson posted a picture of the New West Hotel in Winnipeg on his Instagram account on Nov. 15, 2021. (Source: woodyharrelson/Instagram) WINNIPEG - A flashy mural on a hotel in Winnipeg's North End has caught the eye of Woody Harrelson. The actor, who is in Winnipeg for a movie shoot, posted a picture of the New West Hotel on Instagram on Monday evening. Harrelson captioned the photo "Art in an unexpected place." Since posting it to his 2.3 million followers, the photo has garnered more than 29,000 likes. Izzatbir Sethi, a co-owner of the New West Hotel on the corner of Sutherland Avenue and Main Street, said while he isn't on social media he appreciates the shout out from the movie star. "It's pretty amazing," he told CTV News on Wednesday evening. Sethi said the black and white mural on the hotel was done about three years ago, and was a collaboration of nine different artists. He said since the mural was painted, it's been a popular stop for photographers. "On a good day that you can take photographs, I noticed people stopping by, parking the cars, posing with the murals and getting pictures." As for Harrelson, Sethi said he is thankful for the shout out. "We really appreciate that you found something like this in Winnipeg and admired it," Sethi said. Harrelson is in Winnipeg filming for a movie called 'Champions'—an American remake of a 2018 Spanish film of the same name. The movie is set to be shooting in Winnipeg until December 17. Winnipeg Top Stories Winnipeg parents eager for Monday's opening of COVID-19 vaccination slots for kids ages 5 to 11 Scrapbook with letters from WWII soldiers from Winnipeg found in Calgary Do you use one of the 20 most common passwords in Canada? Winnipegger finds 87-year-old newspaper in wall while renovating Unvaxxed loved ones? How to handle tense family gatherings over the holidays High wind and ice pileup risk on south shores of Lake Winnipeg and Lake Manitoba: Manitoba Government 'Flames probably shooting 20 feet': Large fire destroys clubhouse at Morden golf course A look at Manitoba's most expensive homes on the market Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
