https://www.ctvnews.ca/sports/a-sign-for-22-zverev-dominates-to-claim-atp-finals-trophy-1.5675278
Zverev dominates to claim ATP Finals trophy | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search CTV News Close Search CTV News Close NEWS Coronavirus Canada Residential Schools World Entertainment Politics Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Business Weather 5 Things to Know Don Martin Blog Autos W5 Photo Galleries Newsletters VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 Pop Life LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Pop Life Schedule ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Sports A sign for '22: Zverev dominates to claim ATP Finals trophy Alexander Zverev of Germany holds his trophy after winning the singles final tennis match of the ATP World Tour Finals, at the Pala Alpitour in Turin, Italy, Sunday, Nov. 21, 2021. (AP Photo/Luca Bruno) TURIN, Italy - If Alexander Zverev's performance this weekend is any indication, a lot can be expected from the third-ranked German in 2022. Zverev beat the top two players in consecutive matches to earn his second title at the ATP Finals. After eliminating No. 1 Novak Djokovic over three sets in the semifinals, Zverev put on a dominant performance in Sunday's final, beating No. 2 Daniil Medvedev 6-4, 6-4. Medvedev, the U.S. Open champion, won this event last year and had beaten Zverev five consecutive times. "There's no better way to end the season than winning here," Zverev said. "I'm also now very much looking forward to next year already." The title culminates quite a year for Zverev, who also won the gold medal at the Tokyo Olympics and who has now finished 2021 with more wins on tour -- 59, one more than Medvedev -- than anyone else. The main thing missing in Zverev's trophy collection is a Grand Slam title, having lost an epic final to Dominic Thiem in last year's U.S. Open final, when Zverev served for the title in the deciding fifth set. "He is a great player that is capable of beating anybody. He definitely can win a Grand Slam because it's just obvious," Medvedev said. "But he's not the only one. That's where it gets tough. ... You need to win seven matches to be a Grand Slam champion. Is he capable? Yes. Is he going to do it? We never know." The final was a rematch of a round-robin encounter on Tuesday, when Medvedev beat Zverev in a third-set tiebreaker. This one went Zverev's way from the start, as the 6-foot-6 (1.98-meter) player crushed a huge backhand to the corner then gained from a net-cord winner to break Medvedev's serve in the third game of the match. Helped by fast conditions inside the Pala Alpitour, Zverev was virtually untouchable on his serve, winning 20 of 25 points with his serve in the first set. Zverev broke again in the opening game of the second set then grew so confident that he began executing audacious swinging-volley winners as he followed his serve to the net on occasion. Zverev closed it out with an ace out wide on his first match point -- on a second serve. This marked the first edition of the season-ending event for the top eight players in Turin -- after 12 years in London, where Zverev won his first finals title in 2018. "Obviously London was an incredible event but I think ... Italy has topped it," Zverev said. "What makes it so special here in Italy is the fans, because the fans are absolutely insane," Zverev added. "It's the loudest crowd, it's the most energetic crowd." Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut won the doubles title by beating Rajeev Ram and Joe Salisbury 6-4, 7-6 (0). MORE SPORTS NEWS IOC says Peng Shuai has told Olympic officials she is safe Canada's Hughes shoots 62 to finish 2nd at RSM Classic, 3 strokes behind winner Tiger Woods posts first video of him practising since car crash Manchester United sack manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer A sign for '22: Zverev dominates to claim ATP Finals trophy Slovakian skier Vlhova beats Shiffrin for the second time in two days Hamilton wins in Qatar, slices into Verstappen points lead WTA chief says new video of Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai 'insufficient' to assure her safety Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Pop Life Local News AtlanticBarrieCalgary EdmontonGuelphKitchener LethbridgeLondonMontreal Northern OntarioOttawa Prince AlbertRed DeerRegina SaskatoonToronto VancouverVancouver Island WindsorWinnipegYorkton CTV News App Video Help Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2021 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
